You know what I do is write for kids , and , in fact , I 'm probably the author for kids , read in the United States .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear as a farmer , or with leather clothes , and nobody 's ever chosen a farmer .
I 'm here to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know that a revelation is usually something that fell down to you .
You just have to turn into the apple to see it as an epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle that I 'm going to talk to you about .
My circle began in the '60s , in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare class of class .
When she was beaten up to bleed every week in the bathroom , until a teacher saved my life .
She saved my life when I could go into the bathroom of the teachers .
I was doing it in secret .
For three years .
And I had to go from the city .
He had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working on organizations fighting AIDS .
About three or four years ago , I got a phone call from that master 's phone , the lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned as adults never got to know us .
You could beat Ohio , and please bring that man that I know you 've already found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to hang on this please . ''
Well , the next day , we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we were laughing , we were laughing , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and the monitored and we care about her family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman who wanted to know her as an adult came to me , he became a box of cinders , and it was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked about was made in itself .
The epiphany is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that that part of life needs all the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that today talked a lot about this .
Also , it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our job to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important to me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can quickly , I was <unk> , trying to understand what I was in front of me .
<unk> around me <unk> from the water , almost 60 meters , and I could n't think that it was a snowflake about another snowflake year after year .
<unk> are born when they fall out of glaciers or break the ice walls .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some people refuse to give up and hold down to the end , while others ca n't stand it more and they 're going to be engaged in a very dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , by looking at a iceberg , that are isolated apart and alone , in large measure as humans .
But the reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg melts , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As a iceberg melts , a iceberg releases fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life .
I 'm close to photographing these <unk> as if it was going to be about the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments there are such a way , and will not exist in that way again .
It 's not death when you melt ; it 's not an end , but a continuation of their way through the cycle of life .
And part of the ice of the toys I 'm photographing is very young -- it 's a couple thousand years old .
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you is a iceberg I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unlikely to get to see a iceberg in a way .
Here you have it .
You can see the left , a little boat .
It 's about five feet .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your <unk> line .
You can see here , it starts to roll , the ship has moved to the other side , and the man is standing there .
This is a iceberg in Greenland , of average size .
<unk> from water about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is in real time .
And so just just just like , the iceberg shows a different side of its personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single one of a baby . Okay .
So , two couples each with a baby .
I do n't want them to stop too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception to you , I 'm not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about it for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in a case , the sperm chromosome comes together to the X chromosome of the egg .
And in the other case , the X X chromosome comes together to the X chromosome of the egg .
They both turn on and start life .
We 'll go back to talk about them later .
In my soil activity , it turned two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the story of anatomy .
I 'm an historian by training and what I study in this case is the way people started the anatomy -- to say , human bodies and <unk> , how they 've considered the body fluids , the idea of the body -- what have thought about the body .
The other role that I do in my work is an activist for patients , or , as I say sometimes , excited advocate of people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical characteristics defy social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people inside a body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than average .
And I 've worked with many cases of people with un-typical sex , individuals whose physical alumni do n't fit into the male and female schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> embraces many shapes .
I 'm going to give you a few examples in ways of having a sex that does n't lie in the shape of the shapes or female .
So for example , there 's the case of the individual with <unk> <unk> , whose <unk> gene on the chromosome is told to <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , which become testicles .
And then , in the fetal life , the testes would produce testosterone .
But because this individual does n't have the testosterone receptors , the body does not react to the same .
It 's <unk> <unk> .
So , there are high levels of testosterone but no reaction .
As a consequence , the body develops by a feminine course .
When the baby is born , the baby looks like a child .
He 's a girl . She 's raised as a child .
And often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing up and developing breast , but it does n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes that something is happening .
After doing exams , they realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , it has an testes and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you might think it 's a man , but it 's not really that .
Women , like men , have in the body something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most of the women like myself -- I consider a typical woman ; it does n't know the <unk> structure -- I think to be a typical woman most of the women as I 'm sensitive to <unk> .
We produce <unk> , and we respond to <unk> .
As a consequence , someone like me has the most exposed brain to <unk> that the woman who was born with testes , which has <unk> <unk> .
So sex is something complicated . It 's not that <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19 year-old boy born and raised as a male ; he had girlfriend , and sex with her , he was wearing a life as a boy , and he had just found that she was ovaries and uterus .
He had an extreme way of a disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I had the chromosomes , and the uterus , the <unk> glands were so active that , essentially , creating a male hormone environment .
As a consequence , their genitals were <unk> , their brain was exposed to the hormone 's male component .
He was born as a child , and nobody suspected .
And it was at the age of 19 , when he started having medical school problems because of the internal menstruation , when doctors found that , in fact , it was a woman inside .
Well , another quick example of a <unk> case .
Some people with the 20th century develop what 's known as <unk> , which is , they have <unk> tissue wrapped in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that kids with these kinds of bodies -- they 'll be dwarfed , fraternal twins , or <unk> -- they 're <unk> themselves , it 's not to be able to have a better physical health .
In many cases people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they 're being sold to various surgeries is that they are a threat to our social categories .
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings to <unk> a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you give us a body that shows something quite different , we have trouble with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture of the culture .
Our nation is based on a very romantic concept .
Imagine how amazing it is to have kids that are born as two people within a body .
The top recent case is last year in the past year , South African <unk> <unk> , and he put his sex in the <unk> Olympics .
Many journalists called to ask myself , `` What are you going to do to determine if <unk> <unk> is a man or woman ? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such thing .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a line between men and women or between men and <unk> and women and <unk> ; we are all the ones who map that line .
So what we have is a situation where the more science is going on , the more we have to admit that these categories , that we thought were kind of stable anatomical categories that went directly with stable <unk> categories -- are much more <unk> than we thought .
And not only in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that is much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we go into a rough terrain .
Let 's look at , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What 's the <unk> of the fact that they made them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved in science more and more in an awkward zone in which we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our culture today , in the United States today , are the struggles at first and the end of life .
It 's hard to set up a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very <unk> discussions today -- not in public , but I know within the <unk> of what someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether somebody was dead .
As a lot of him , they put a pen in front of his nose , and if he moved still , I wo n't .
If I stopped moving it up .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from one body and put them into another body .
And as a result , we have to address a dilemma of determining someone 's death , and this puts us in a hard situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And you might think that this explosion of categories could be happy to someone like me .
In politics I 'm progressive , I 'm a passion to people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that it gets nervous .
<unk> that these categories are much more fragile than we thought about it .
<unk> from a concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of the fathers fathers .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and audacious and so radical , in what they did , that I find each of you so much looking at that music , `` 1776 , '' and not by music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's why it happened in 1776 with the Parents .
The fathers fathers were , for me , the first activists of the anatomy and explain why .
What they 'd been rejected was an anatomic concept , and I would plug it with another that was radical and beautiful and stayed for 200 years .
And , like all of you remember , what was rejected our Parents was the idea of monarchy -- monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they were clear the idea of birth of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that the political power was coming in to the law of the blood 's right than the father and the father and then the son , etc .
Parents was rejected that idea and replaced it by a new original concept , and that concept was that all men are created the same .
They <unk> the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomical differences . That was very radical .
And partly they were doing it because they were part of a <unk> system where two things were happening .
The democracy was happening and at the same time they were born .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the story of the fathers fathers , that many were very interested in science and the idea of a <unk> world .
They were <unk> out of the supernatural explanations , and therefore rejected the concept of power supernatural passed through a vague idea of birth .
They were moving towards a <unk> concept .
And if we look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And as a result of us were broadcasting the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And by doing so , they were laid down the basis of the future Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think about that way , but they did it for us and it was great .
And what happened years later ?
And women succeeded .
Then the success of the Civil Rights Movement with people of the <unk> of <unk> <unk> , who said , `` Am I not a woman ? ''
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , the color people who are going to join the anatomical coincidence about anatomical difference and , again , succeeded .
We see the same with the <unk> movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at the coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep a certain amount of emphasis on our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish for the same rights to a human .
I do n't want to say that we should be <unk> in front of the anatomy .
I do n't want to say that the five-year-old should be allowed to have sex or marry .
There are some anatomical divisions that for me make sense , and that I think we should have .
But the challenge is trying to figure out what they are , why keep them and if they make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two kinds of beings at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both of which are <unk> in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Let 's imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before , June 1 of 1980 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born in term : March March , 1980 .
By the fact that I was born three months before Mary are attributed to all the rights for three months before to Henry -- the right to sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age , but because it was born after .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , by virtue of being considered , if I have n't told them if he 's <unk> , by virtue of being considered a man now to be <unk> from the mandated <unk> that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for her part , does n't have the same rights to marriage in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all the states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman only in some states .
So they still do make anatomical categories that in a number of ways they 're fertility and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science went through so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time , I feel like the science escapes us .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But many people are stuck in a rare position .
For example , Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man , you do n't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman , you have to have chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't make tests to people .
But this is also very strange , given the story that I told you at the beginning of the <unk> , <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech `` I Have a team . ''
It says that we should be judging people , `` based not in the color of their skin , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond the anatomy .
And I want to say , `` Yes , the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure that we should be able to <unk> it to people , because I 've to admit that I know some of some <unk> <unk> who probably deserve more social services than some humans that I know .
I also want to say that maybe some <unk> that I know can make more informed and smart decisions about their sex relationships that people from 40 I know .
So how do we put the theme of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And a part of me wonder what would happen if the character of one person could be measured with an instrument , perhaps with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that America will continue to lead this current of thinking to the issue of democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 're going to do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian in which a man who is being attracted to other men is susceptible to a sex change , unless he 's willing to submit to a sex change , in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context like a surgeon that I talked to about a couple of years ago that I had made birth twins and then pick it apart and thus spread their fame .
But when the phone asked the purpose of the operation , he was a very <unk> operation , he told me that in that other country , these kids would be very abused , and so he had to do it .
And I said , `` Well , it 's considered political asylum instead of the surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities for people to be those who are not allowed to change the state of the state .
So I think we have to be on your head .
Well , I mean , I mean , I mean I 've been talking a lot about the shoulders .
And I want to think about what democracy would be , or as it might have been , if we were given more participation to mothers .
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist , and that is that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomical selves , in particular if there are people thinking about group .
For years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in investigating sexual difference .
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world .
And what we know from <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and dealing with those who are located within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
Now years ago , when I was in graduate graduate , one of my advisers I knew I was interested in feminism was interested in feminism , as a <unk> made me a strange story .
`` Tell me what 's told the question of feminism . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the stupidest question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to do with unpicking gender stereotypes , so there 's nothing feminine in feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about it , the more I 've thought about the question , the more I 've got something feminine in feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the feminine brain and the male that makes us more prone to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So , if the parents were very attentive to find a way to protect people by part of the state , it 's possible that , of having put more Mothers on this concept , maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy : to think less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and think more about relationships .
So as we try to create a more perfect union , let 's think about what we do .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided we had to reconsider how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go live and work , have the possibility of choice between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents .
Well , right now , we 're far away from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't have a single city willing to get around .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are worth much more than their cost of construction .
So we could easily empower the world tens , maybe hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But we just embraced it by buildings .
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments are already owners , and to the other half , we still wo n't do it .
You could try to increase the ability to make <unk> in all existing buildings .
But you know that the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the ailments and the <unk> of construction .
So it would be very hard to do all of those <unk> .
But they could go to a whole new place , build an entirely new apartment building , always , and when the rules of that place was going to build the construction instead of putting it out .
So I proposed that governments will build new drug zones to hold large enough cities to contain cities , and I gave them a name , under charter cities .
I later found out that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of Honduras .
They knew that every year about 75,000 <unk> would come out of their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras passed through a <unk> crisis .
In the next regular elections , <unk> <unk> would be imposed with a platform in which I promised and at the same time reconciliation .
He asked him to be his chief cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing for giving a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error , and a huge amount of tests with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under new new ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , like those norms that say you ca n't go and bother all the current residents of apartments .
It takes a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes so much of technologies like standards for progress , and it 's usually the rules that prevent us forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala sent him a link to the TEDTalk .
He was shown to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's take this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we got together in Miami , in a hotel room .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than its monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City , and look , land that , in some cases , it 's worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was an abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , <unk> said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And I was describing the talk in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where it 's starting with <unk> terrain , a charter that specifies the rules that are embedded there and an option for people to be able to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms .
So President of Honduras called me , and told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the path for our country to advance .
He asked me to go to <unk> and I would talk again four and five of January .
So I put another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was trying to explain that to a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture in Denver , and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Just this airport covers over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that I was trying to build a new city , you have to start with a place to measure at least 1,000 square kilometers .
That 's over 100,000 hectares .
Everybody <unk> <unk> .
The public faces were very serious and attentive .
The leader of Congress came up to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk .
I 've got it here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed up the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essentials -- that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city that you could actually be in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away from North .
And also it would include new options for leaders .
Because the leaders of Honduras would need help from countries associated with partnerships from the countries associated with them that help them establish and make the rules of the charter , so that everybody could trust that the charter is actually turning it out .
We went and we saw a site .
This photo is from there .
It could easily take a thousand square kilometers .
And soon after January 19th , they voted in Congress to <unk> their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow these special regions of development .
In a country that I had just passed through this painful crisis , voting in Congress , in favor of this constitutional amendment , which was <unk> .
All of the games , all the factions in society , the very excited .
For <unk> in the Constitution , it has to pass twice in Congress .
February 17th was approved again in another voting , from 114 to one .
Immediately after the voting , the 21st of February , an shifting 30 <unk> delegation was to both two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new center of the city that 's being built in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the Boston center .
Everything you see there was built in four years , after four years , getting the permissions .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this practical mode , this is the point where we are .
They have a place , and they 're thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow managers to come and then would allow the managers to operate under an external legal system .
A country has been committed to allow their Supreme Court to be the last court of the last court for this new judicial system .
There are urban planners of cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know they 've already solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies who wanted to move in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there 's a lot of people who would like to go to live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they 'd like to change immediately to another place .
There 's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to go back to their family to get a job ; sometimes they are single mothers who have to earn money to be eating or buy clothes .
Sadly , sometimes there are even kids who are trying to meet with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these all over the world ?
What seems to you to think about encouraging families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends , I was asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and that is that I live obsessed with suits .
I love to find , wear , and more recently , photograph and publish on my blog , colorful , colorful , different ones for every time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is the second hand of <unk> markets and stores of the second hand .
Oh , thank you .
The second stores of the second hand allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I 'm going to meet <unk> people -- usually my money goes to a good cause , and my money is unique ; and buy becomes my personal search for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
It will be from my size ?
Do you like color ?
It will cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel that I 've gained .
Going back to the theme of my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what does someone have all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I 've brought seven <unk> pairs , and nothing else .
In order for a week , it 's all I 've put in my <unk> .
I imagined that I would be able to find everything else that I 'd like to use after I got here to Palm Springs .
And because you do n't know me as the woman who walks around TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets of items for this week .
Does n't sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons that , believe it or not , I 've learned on this adventure of not using new clothes .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this bright tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You almost always look at you at least 50 dollars .
All the whole set , including the jacket , took me 55 , and it was the most expensive thing I 've used in a week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be wrong , when you 're wearing a brilliant red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday : The integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you get rid of the right people who are right , you wo n't just understand you , you 're also going to get away .
<unk> : <unk> of the child you 're wearing .
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the costumes , or I remind them to your little seven .
I like <unk> and saying , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : Trust is the key .
If you think you 're good at something , it 's almost certain you 're .
And if you think you do n't look good with something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the 30 years that I really understood its meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your interior and outside , you ca n't look at you .
So there 's no excuse for anybody in this audience .
We must be able to achieve everything we want to do .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth of six words for you : <unk> <unk> .
And finally , Saturday : Developing one personal style is a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people were approaching this week simply by what I was using , and we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously this is n't going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I go home , to Brooklyn , I 'm going to donate everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that we have to put up with certain things .
I do n't need to engage you emotionally with these things , because the back of the corner , there will always be another crazy , colorful , colorful suit , if there 's a little bit of love in my heart and look for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can split into two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So if you take a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a blueprint of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who is completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So , where do you turn your brain on this scale ?
Now , some of these <unk> on one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , your brain is something like this -- with a huge fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that it 's one other exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , who like most other experimental quantum physicists , we need a lot of logic to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make experiments work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play things .
We put ourselves to play with them , and then we see how they react , and then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
As a intuition that you may have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in a place at once .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , they developed it .
I remember looking at a child playing on a parking bar .
It was a little kid , and he did n't do it very well , he would always fall .
But I bet you play with that parking bar I 've taught him a valuable lesson , and it 's that big things do n't allow the <unk> , and they stay in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world , except that you are a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , they play with these strange little particles .
And when you play with their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- as they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , a few years ago , a few years ago , you needed the quantum mechanics to describe these little particles .
But you did n't need to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit very well to my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes I play with them , but not a lot .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But it did n't fit well to my logical part .
Because if everything is made of small particles and all these small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see that 's been in a overlap of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little bit of metal that I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to expand it a little bit . It 's right in the center .
And then here we make a very large approach to the little metal metal .
What we see is a small little bit of metal , and it 's a springboard and which shows <unk> on a platform .
And then I did this almost in the same way that you would do a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this bore hole in the form of swimming swimming , which is under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs a bit of help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm in an elevator alone , I do all kinds of weird things , but then when other people get up to stop and do those things , because I do n't want them to bother , or actually frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
The <unk> of the inanimate objects are not only people , it 's also the light that shines the light and the wind that happens to its side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to throw out all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
<unk> the lights , then we introduced a Roomba and pulled out all the air , and then we 'll cool it into a temperature of less than one degree above zero .
Now , when you 're just on the elevator on the elevator , the little piece of metal is free to act like .
So we measure their movements .
We discovered that he moved in very strange ways .
Instead of staying perfectly still , it was vibrating . And the way it was <unk> was like a breath in this way -- as a bellows , it expands and contracts .
And by giving it a smooth , we were able to make it <unk> , and that we do n't go at the same time -- something that just happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean that a <unk> thing and not <unk> at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms that make up that metal piece are still , and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just at certain moments when those line line up .
In the rest of the time they are <unk> .
It means that each atom is in two different places at the same time , what it means at the time that the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It was worth <unk> in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference on scale between one atom and that little bit of metal is roughly the same as the difference between that little bit of metal and you are .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal may be in two different places , why do n't you ?
I mean , it 's my logic talking .
So imagine if you were in many places at the same time , what would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was <unk> in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it , and we turned the lights and we looked inside the box , we saw that metal was still there in one piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all the objects in the elevator in reality are just quantum objects that are simply coming on a small space .
You hear a lot about a lot about the quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not so true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , literally define who you are , and that 's the deep weirdness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago , I was doing another job at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss , which was here and that allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories of why we did it .
I think my own story is simply explaining to this slide , and this is the access .
I grew up in India .
I 'm going to have a lot of education -- I do n't get rid of it , but I did n't have access to many of these museums and artwork .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I started learning a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
So better than show you the demo to then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we 've done from your launch .
So simply , we 're going to <unk> .
Look around all the museums there are .
There 's the <unk> gallery , the MoMA , the <unk> , the <unk> , the Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to enter one of my favorites , the <unk> museum in New York City .
There are two ways to do it -- very simple .
We click , and , you know , we 're in the museum .
It does n't matter where you are , Mumbai or <unk> , that really does n't matter .
You move around and they have fun .
Do you want to navigate the museum ?
We open up the top plane , and , with one click , we jumped inside .
They 're inside , you want to go at the end of the hallway .
Go ahead . That 's <unk> !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the photo + .
If the museum shows us the image , we click on it .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all the data that is metadata .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click on it , but I 'm going to click right now .
And this is one of the images that we 've captured in what we call <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains it , I think , about 10,000 million pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'll show you what you really get with 10,000 million pixels .
You can zoom in around it very simple .
You see some fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression has no price .
But if you really want to dive into it .
So I started playing , and I found something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this looks interesting . ''
I went in and found that kids were actually playing something .
And I did research a little bit , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually found that this is a <unk> , which is a <unk> , which is to hit a <unk> with a stick on the Carnival .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get further deeper and you 'll see that you can actually reach the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to pull the image out , so you really see what there is .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best is for coming , a second .
So now we 're quickly going to jump over again at MoMA in New York City .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The Night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find details .
But what if you want to see the <unk> ?
And if you want to see how far Gogh actually created this master play ?
It goes up and really do it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this frame , and I 'm really going to go to the cracks .
This is `` The Night <unk> '' -- I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another favorite of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot of things here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everyone , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have an mansion , it gives you the same .
You can online to create your own museum , create your own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we walk in , and I 've created this function that I call `` The power of zooming , '' -- we just zoom in around .
It 's about `` ambassadors '' at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things out , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel at contemplating these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main things really do n't come from Google .
No , in my view , they even do n't come from the museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium does justice to your artwork , and that 's represented properly online .
And the big question that they 're doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon everybody .
I have something to show you .
Think it 's a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian origin , all the kids in Italy are growing with this photo on the bedroom wall , but the reason I 'm showing you this is that it 's happened very interesting in Formula 1 in the last two decades .
It was already a time ago , if you wanted to win an Formula 's race , I took a budget and I 'll take it to a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you made my career .
This is what , in engineering , the control system in real time .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting is that the real-time control systems are starting to enter our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered in networks and electronics .
They 're turning computers into the open .
And as such , they 're beginning to respond differently and they can be detected and <unk> .
<unk> cities is a big thing .
As a side note , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of energy consumption -- and even 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be a big thing .
Beyond the cities , all of these detections , and they actually have been entering our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibition on NYU at MoMA at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` uncle to me . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , start talking to us .
In a way , it 's like almost all of the atoms that are used to be sensors and actuators .
And that 's changing the interaction that we as humans have with the outside environment .
In some sense , it 's almost like in the old angel 's dream .
You know , when Michelangelo lit the Moses , he says that I finally took the hammer , and he threw it in the Moses -- you can still see a little bit of a small dent , and he said , `` Do you know , `` Are you going to be ? )
Well , today , our environment starts to speak to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples ; <unk> in the idea of getting the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer with luck in 2006 .
It was the year where Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember , they played Italy , and France , and at the end , <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , ultimately won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day by looking at activity in the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's tomorrow , before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
By the early afternoon there are people over here , and there are calls , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people do a quick call and go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
The first extra time -- second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
She earned Italy , yeah !
That night they were all going to celebrate the center .
You see the Great summit .
The next day , they were all at the center of the winning team and the prime minister of the first minister .
And then everybody went down .
You see the image of the place called <unk> Massimo where , from the Roman time , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how today you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we would n't have been able to do a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but things we use and consume .
Today , we know everything about the provenance of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how you put it together .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed a little bit of small tags to track the garbage on its displacement .
We started with volunteers who helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago , to label what they were throwing out -- different kinds of things , as you can see , things that anyway .
Then we put a little chip , a label , the crap , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results of that .
And from Seattle ...
And after one week .
With this information , we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist .
There are complicated things happening , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transportation .
But the other thing that we think is that if you see every day that the cup that we slow down is not away , that 's still somewhere on the planet .
If the plastic bottle that we launched a day still goes on .
So if we show that to people , then we can promote some behavior change .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us much more about detection , and a lot of other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we talked about at the beginning , which is push over the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all began with a question of the mayor of the city , which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of the water in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , is : imagine you have a trunk and valves , valves of <unk> , <unk> <unk> and closed .
It 's created like a curtain of water , with the pixels of water .
If you drop the pixels on them , you can show patterns , images , text .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open so that we can go , as you see in the image .
We introduced this to the mayor 's mayor .
He liked it too much .
And we had a commission to design the entrance to the bank 's entrance .
We call it Digital Water pavilion .
The whole building is made of water .
There 's no windows and no windows , but when you 're coming up , it opens up to you .
The roof is also covered in water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , it goes down the roof .
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears , like this .
These days , there will always be somebody in the winter , when the roof comes down , somebody who was there and said , `` <unk> the building . ''
No , it 's not that we 've been demolished , but when it comes down almost all the architecture goes away .
Here it 's working .
You see the people who are going to go through .
And here I 'm myself trying to get wet by testing the sensors that open the water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the kids from <unk> came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that opened up to leave you , but a building that kept doing cutting and holes and one had to jump to not get wet .
( Noise of people ) And for us that was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about use that people give our designs .
But then reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of water , and of projections on them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly .
Imagine that you could have little helicopters in the air , and that each had a small pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud moving in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one that we saw before , which moves with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal screen in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , that what changes is the light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different type .
Imagine the screen appears at different scales and sizes , different types of resolution .
And then all that could be a cloud of pixels in which you can zoom in and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> controlled <unk> , going down to form a V , like before .
When the light lights , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them controlled by one person .
We can have each pixel with an input that comes from people , the movement of people and so on and so on .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> of the best ballet dancers in today , the star of New York City and La Scala <unk> to capture their movements in 3D and use them as input for <unk> .
Here we can see <unk> dancing .
On the left you see the pixels , you see the pixels in different resolutions .
It 's both 3D digitization as a movement capture .
It can be <unk> all the movement .
You can walk the whole way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and motion , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry to <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could get people involved in order to do something and change our environment , <unk> as a barn farm , but with a cloud .
Imagine we could make all of us a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that 's happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we went through the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign is <unk> , we can move from the digital world , the self-organizing power of networks , the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today : think of climate change or CO2 emissions . How do we move from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can get people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made out of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud .
And those particles are water , while in our cloud , they are pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but the pixels cover .
You can move inside , have different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , it will serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection with the community .
So , it 's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up , like a new peak of London .
You can go in there .
As if it was a new digital headlight at night , but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anybody to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with just a few changes in your genes , you could improve memory -- for more accurate , more accurate and faster .
Or maybe you 'd like to be in a better way , be stronger , have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and secure themselves ?
How about living more with good health ?
Or maybe those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience Member : Creativity . Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
A few . I probably had the number of creative people present .
That 's really good .
How many would you pick the memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
How about longevity ?
Oh , most of them . That makes me feel good as a doctor .
If you could have some of this the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe it 's possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> theme here at the TED Conference , but today I want to give you a doctor on the subject .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , that also <unk> in the <unk> Church <unk> , wrote a trial called `` Nothing in biology makes sense except for light of Evolution . ''
But if you actually accept biological evolution consider this : it 's just about the past , or the future ?
Are you talking to others or us ?
This is another look the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well at an extreme , it is , of course , that we 're interested in .
<unk> from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
There has been perhaps 20 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone and back .
We 've been here about <unk> years .
It might seem like we 're very far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same .
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes ?
This is not as human insulin , but it 's the same protein , chemically indistinguishable , of which comes out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all have the more bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times .
I mean , you know , when Antonio Damasio is asked by the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a beautifully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , wet , it 's very cozy .
And we 're going to provide them all the nutrients that might want no effort on their side .
It 's really like a quick move for bacteria to the occasional rush of some hasten <unk> .
But , for the other , we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our lives .
They help digest essential nutrients , and protect us from certain diseases .
But what lies the future ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , maybe better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast <unk> symphony of the universe , life on Earth is like a brief compass -- the animal kingdom , as one and only <unk> , and human life , a small story of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope they enjoyed them .
I had my first kind of biology , and I had my first class of biology .
I was fascinated by elegance and beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : in most of the existence of life , in single-celled organisms , each cell is simply divide and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters .
But when the multicellular organisms appear to change things .
He goes in stage sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that the genome is , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body is in evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student , I was thinking , well , <unk> , <unk> , death by sex ; it seemed quite reasonable at that time , but with every year that was happening , it was more and more doubt .
I came to understand the sentiments of George Burns , who was still acting in Las Vegas right in his 90s .
And one night someone hits his hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , he finds a magnificent <unk> dancer .
He looks at it and says , `` I came in search of a `` sex soup . ''
`` Okay , '' says George , `` I pick the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted it to be healthy .
I wanted to get health to the disease .
I wanted it to live more and more healthy .
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation , adapting and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary standpoint , you and I , we 're like <unk> designed to send the genetic load to the next level of the orbital level , and then let us go to sea .
I think we would all understand the feeling that Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to achieve not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily favors longevity .
It does n't necessarily favors the biggest or the strongest or the faster or the faster and even smarter .
Evolution favors the best adapted to their environment .
That 's the only survival test and success .
In the bottom of the ocean the <unk> bacteria that can survive the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , fish dry into vacuum , yet they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we come back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , the next phase -- -- I would say there 's lots of possibilities .
The first one is that we do n't want to .
We 've got a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , first of all , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and cut out of the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've put our environment together to fit us as well as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated down , <unk> , and we become so much that it 's no longer possible to have the isolation that we have to happen .
A second possibility is that we create an evolution of traditional , natural type , dictated by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation , when as a species of <unk> planets are going to exist , and the environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there 's a third possibility , an attractive possibility , intriguing and frightening .
And I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not just natural -- but and and selected for us as individuals in the decisions that we will .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
First , consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more males than women .
It 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's what you choose on the individual and family level .
Just think that if you could be able to choose not only the sex of their offspring , but in your own body making the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent diseases .
And if we could make the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer 's or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminate the stroke ?
Would n't you want to make those changes in your genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project began in 1990 and 110 years ago .
<unk> billion dollars .
The next year of being done , in 2004 , I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three four months .
Today , you can get a whole sequence of the 3,000 billion base pairs in the human genome at a cost of about 20,000 and about a week .
Not much to be missing that the human genome is made for $ 1,000 and more and more in the scope of everyone .
The changes are coming .
The same technology that has made insulin insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves , but they 're going to induce immunity against other viruses .
Believe it or there 's no experimental trial in the course of the flu vaccine on the cells of a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine a good thing about tobacco ?
That 's true today and the future is going to be more and more possible .
Imagine only two little changes .
Can you change the cells of their bodies , but if they could change the cells of their offspring ?
And if they could change sperm and eggs , or change the <unk> egg , and give their children a better chance of a healthier life , eliminate diabetes , remove the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want to be healthier ?
And then , that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent diseases is going to allow us to also adopt <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings on everything if you could <unk> them with the next generation of machine Watson ?
Why do n't we have a Prostate muscle muscle that allowed us to run faster and further away ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be compelling .
And when we 're in conditions to pass this up to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of earlier in <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that would normally take 100,000 years , and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have them .
Are we going to use these choices to make a better , more successful , more judged ?
Or , are we going to learn selectively different attributes that we want for some of us , but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more blind or more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And the most profound thing : we 're going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom needed to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or for bad , and before what you might think of , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big explosion when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine a motor making <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds scary .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk to the assistants of flight .
So he immediately looked at them , and they said , `` There 's no problem . You probably hit some birds . ''
And the pilot had already scratched the plane , and we were n't so far .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the plane with the Hudson River .
Mostly that 's not the route .
<unk> the motors .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noises .
And then three words said .
The three more words I 've ever heard of .
He said , `` <unk> for impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more about the flight assistant .
I could see him in his eyes .
It was terror . Life finished .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to make before they die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to , and I did n't , all the fences that I wanted to repair , all the fences that I wanted to have , and I never had .
As I was thinking about that later , I was a phrase , which is , `` I collect bad wines . ''
Because if the wine is ready , and the person is there , I 'm going to open it .
I do n't want to tell you anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
And the second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as I <unk> the bridge George Washington , which was not a lot of -- I thought about it , wow , I really feel a big weigh .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity and my mistakes I 've tried to improve all of what I did .
But in my humanity , I also give rise to my ego .
And I 'm regret the time I wasted in things that did n't matter with people that matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , like <unk> in that , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels like wonders .
I do n't try to be right ; they 're going to be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to go , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the <unk> water .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And while <unk> , I had the feeling of , wow , dying is not afraid .
It 's almost like we 've been able to do that all our lives .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness is <unk> in a single thought , which is , just wish one thing .
I wish I could see my kids growing .
A month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- still . And I scream , cry , like a small one .
And for me , that was the whole reason for being the world .
At that point I understood , by connecting those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For above all , the only goal I have in life is being a good father .
I was given a miracle , not to die that day .
And I gave myself another gift , which was the ability to look at the future and go back and live differently .
You 're flying in today , the challenge you can imagine that the same thing happens to you in your airplane -- and please do n't -- but imagine , and how change ?
What would you do , who are still expecting to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would your relationships change and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the most cool thing I worked on was for this guy .
The guy 's called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the '80s .
And one day he came to his house after running and said , `` Dad , I 'm sorry on my legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today , <unk> has complete paralysis .
You can only use your eyes .
Their work influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so , obviously , graffiti is something intricate we admire and respect in the art world .
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony , <unk> , and its cause .
So I went and met his brother and father and said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are you going to do with him ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` One second , you 're not looking at Stephen <unk> is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you be somebody important and you have a very good insurance , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well how do they communicate then ? ''
Did anybody see the movie `` The <unk> and the butterfly ? ''
They communicate in that way -- they 're making it marking with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I showed up with the only desire to deliver a check , and instead he signed a check that had no idea of how I was going to cover .
I committed to his brother and his father there at that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to come back to make their art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who 's so much on their inner ca n't communicate it . ''
So I talked about a conference a couple of months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research Lab , '' which has a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface , and then , with a laser pointer , you draw about that and record the negative space .
So they 're going around making art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , are part of a life cycle .
First of all , they start with sexual organs , then with the bad words , then with the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start to make art .
But there was always a cycle of life in your presentations .
And so the journey started .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization and a lot of moving the things on one side , we had achieved a couple of things .
One , we played the gates of the insurance companies and we got a machine to allow them to communicate ; a machine as Stephen Hawking 's Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's the most fun thing ; I call it <unk> because I 'll talk to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all the <unk> world from all the corners of the <unk> to our house .
My wife , kids and I , moved to the garage back and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> took the control of the house .
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid , and that when they had the wall removed from the walls , and then there would be graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the shipping walk in Venice , my son was part , my dog , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
It 's a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought on the shipping walk in Venice Beach , some of barbed wire and things from Home <unk> and Radio Shack .
We took a <unk> camera , we put it open , we set it up on an LED light , and now there 's a device that is free , and it builds yourself ; we published the code that the software would be low in free .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company to say , `` No . ''
There 's no hospital that can say `` no . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate using only their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much for you . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks , we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture , because this is the person 's room and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after more than a year of planning , two weeks of programming , intense weather sessions , all night , Tony became drawing for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life , and it 's looking through the support system of his life .
We ran into bed so I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the outside of the hospital outside .
And he went to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to disrupt the parking lot , so we feel like we were <unk> the graffiti too .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what said to us , `` This was the first time I was drawing in seven years .
I felt like I 'd been under the water and someone finally came to <unk> and take me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way that 's our scream for war .
That 's what keeps us moving , developing .
And we have a long way to go with this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a <unk> department .
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it more quickly and robust .
Since then we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've gained a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
Everything comes from our own pockets .
The prizes were like , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then , in December , Time acknowledged us as one of the top 50 inventions of 2010 , and it was really great .
The best of all of this -- and this is what ends up from closing the <unk> is that in April of this year in the University of MOCA in downtown Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibition called `` Art in <unk> . ''
And <unk> Art is going to have the best <unk> of <unk> urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be in the show , which is pretty impressive .
So , basically this is my idea : if you see something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of what 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , the <unk> was possible at a certain point .
Do it possible -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technology ; I simply recognized something and I 'm going to get involved with wonderful people to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want us all to do every day when we find something that we feel to do . If it 's not now , when , and if I 'm not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years in situations in generally very difficult situations and at the same time both dangerous .
I went to jail -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine 's mine .
Film in areas of war -- difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun in the beginning , something difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career I 've been looking at the situations in the very large situations with the only goal of dealing with social issues in ways that attractive attractive , interesting , and hopefully analyzing them in a way that you see useful and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk on the world of brands , and the patronage I wanted to do something a little different .
So some of you may have heard it , or not , a couple of weeks ago I took a warning at <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I offered them on the name of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011 .
So what I had was the following : `` Well , I mean , let 's look like this : my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and depending on the face of the face , especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company to do it .
But I said this is a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So even with that <unk> , I knew somebody was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you would have asked me a year ago , I would n't have to tell you about certainty .
But in the new film that I 'm working on , we examined the world of marketing , of advertising .
And as I said before , I 've been in horrible situations over the last few years , but nothing could make me clear , nothing could be <unk> , for something that 's so difficult or as dangerous as I enter into the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan : I want to make a film that 's about the <unk> of products , marketing and advertising , and that all the film was fed with <unk> products , marketing and advertising .
The film is going to call `` The biggest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in `` The biggest movie , '' is that all of the bottom up at the bottom , in principle , has a brand pictures , all the time -- from the <unk> that appears before the title , the brand X .
Now this brand , <unk> House , the <unk> Center .
These people were telling the film to the rider , forever .
And so the film is exploring all this idea .
I 'm an redundant person . ( MK : I just say it . ) It was more by emphasis .
It was `` A forever . ''
But we 're not just going to have the sponsor sponsor sponsor in the title , but we 're going to make sure that we 're running all the categories that we could in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe .
The most cool car that you 've driven in `` The largest film ever sold , '' the best shot you 've had to drink , from `` The biggest movie I never sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then in addition to showing the brands as part of life , making them hold the film ?
The goal of the whole film is transparency .
You 're going to see the whole process in this movie .
That 's the whole idea , all the film , beginning to end .
And I would love to help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how <unk> is going to be the people .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to make it ? ( MS : No idea . ) David <unk> : How much money do you have to do this ?
MS : A million and a half . ( D.C : All right ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard to be a meeting with them , but it certainly will be worth convincing a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the movie comes to us , we 'll look at a lot of joy .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be no .
MS : But be hard to sell it , the film or for me ?
JK : So , two things .
MS : That means you 're not very optimistic .
So , do you help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Good . ) Awesome .
MK : We need to think about which brands .
MS : Yes . ( MK : That 's the challenge . ) When you look at the people you have to treat ...
MK : We have some places where you go . ( MS : Okay . ) <unk> the camera .
MS : I thought , `` Turn off the camera '' meant we have a conversation out of microphone .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS : And so it was , one by one , all these companies suddenly disappeared .
None of them wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything about this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising , it was to introduce the product to as many people as possible , making so many people see it as possible .
Especially in the world today , this intersection of today 's new media and old media scenario , is n't the idea to share with that new vehicle that is going to take the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , my idea had a <unk> error , and that error was this .
Actually no , there was no such mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been fine .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you look for pictures of Google , you see , this is one of the first images that come up .
I like your rolling way , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- free of simulation or deception , easily detected or seen , which is characterized by the visibility or access from information , especially in business practices -- being the last line maybe the biggest problem is probably the biggest line .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians , named President claims , even CEOs , name .
But all of a sudden , when it 's really about making it a sudden something changes .
But why ? Well , transparency will fear -- like that rare bear that still remains .
It 's unpredictable -- like this strange rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
I took an entire bowl of <unk> <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to the companies and tell you that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want to tell <unk> ' story .
We want you to tell a story , but tell <unk> . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as used as <unk> said , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , it 's my story , and there 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with just one company , an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I met John Bond , and Richard <unk> of many years -- I realized I would have to go for my own , I would have to take the proxy and go to business myself with my whole team .
So what I started to see from all of a sudden , and that I started giving me <unk> is that when you start talking to companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big films big , giants and others who make small films , independent , like mine .
And my friends who make films of big Hollywood , giant , say that the reason why their films are so successful is due to the brands they have .
And then my friends who make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the film is called `` The biggest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to look specifically enough in the movie ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see your deodorant .
At any time during an interview with someone can say , `` You 're good good for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You see a little nervous .
I want to help you to get away .
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And that 's going to offer one of these fabulous Great <unk> .
Both <unk> as `` <unk> of paradise '' are going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have so much for men like a woman , solid , to <unk> , in bar , like it .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a <unk> look .
Karen : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the kind of smaller movies that you actually have ; we 're rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that has other brands .
So doing things like that , you know , remind us , to remind people is the reason why we 're interested in it .
MS : What words would you use to describe to soldiers ?
Neither is in white .
KF : That 's a great question .
Volunteer : higher Technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in <unk> .
Man : We talk about something bold , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus combat and sweat and sweat . ''
It keeps you fresh .
How do you sustain you more time ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times cooler .
Things like those of the benefits of the benefits .
MS : And that 's a dollar company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to a man in the street , and people like me , to ordinary <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Hmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : revive the '80s , punk punk punk , unless it 's day for laundry .
MS : All right , what is the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : Something . ( MS : One . ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like the dark colors , many gray colors and things like that .
Usually I have accessories like sunglasses , or I like crystals and similar crystals .
Woman : If Dan was a brand , it could be a classic <unk> .
Man 2 : The brand I am , I call it casual <unk> .
Woman 2 : In a hippie , in part <unk> , in part <unk> , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
<unk> toys to pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my small sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx , because I deliver commodities .
Man 5 : Man : <unk> failed .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we ca n't all be Tom Tom , but I 'm often amazed at the intersection of dark <unk> and casual <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could go into my head , somebody who could help me understand what they call `` brand personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that personality .
If they were able to do it for them , they could surely do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> photos , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a family photo .
A little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world that you live in -- as people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live in your life , the work you do .
All of those things come from and start in a place , and in my case , it starts and start in my family , in West Virginia .
A : What 's the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next thing is , `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way to be ?
MS : It 's like who I want to be me .
I like different things .
I like things weird . I like things to do .
A : Tell me the `` why '' -- what does that work for ?
What 's the machete ? What phase of <unk> are you now ?
Why is it important to reboot ? What does the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little bit more of you , which is not who you are .
What else did you have ?
You do n't have to fear . What kind of rollercoaster are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( Girl : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great job ) A : Yes . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to go out of this .
There was a lot of madness on this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary Morgan in your brand personality , <unk> Morgan 's brand is a <unk> brand .
They get very well together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies only get into one of their strong points or on the other instead of focusing on both .
A lot of companies tend to -- and it 's nature 's nature to avoid the things that are not secure ; they avoid fear , those elements , and you 're actually giving them something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see here at Target , Wii , Mini , Mini and <unk> .
Now there are playful brands and conscious brands , those things that have gone and come , but a <unk> brand is pretty powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If somebody asks you to do your brand identity , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you a bottom-up attribute ? Are you somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you rather a attribute attribute ?
A little quieter , reserved , conservative ?
The bottom-up attributes are as a playful will be playful , like <unk> , contemporary , adventurous , bold or bold , as <unk> <unk> , fast , agile , dominant , magical or mystical , mystical , mystical , mystical , mystical , mystical , mystical , mystical , mystical , mystical , mystical , mystical , mystical , mystical , mystical , mystical , mystical , mystical ,
Or are you rather than attribute to the downwards ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated like <unk> ?
You 're established , traditional , provider , protective ? Are you with Oprah ?
Are you reliable , stable , familiar , reliable , safe , juicy or wiser , as the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
Over the course of this film , we had more than 500 , bottom-up and descending ones , who said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , they would n't have control over the end product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we got to tell the story about this movie of how they now use MRI to identify the centers of desire in the brain for commercial marketing for commercial marketing .
We went to Saint Paulo , where they 've banned advertising outdoors .
Throughout the city for the last five years , there 's no fences , there 's no posters , nothing .
And we went to school districts in which companies are getting way into schools with liquidity issues in America .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I 've had the biggest answer , or the ones I 've had more successful are the ones I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
They went to the intermediaries to the intermediaries to their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to make people think of , who will challenge the way we look at the world .
And how has they gone ? Did they succeed ?
Well , since the film was released in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to <unk> the film in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions of the media for this film .
This covers just a period of two weeks and a half weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The film is still no longer <unk> .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already begun to gain momentum .
And it 's not bad because most of the agencies that we speak to their clients will not be part .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you risk risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you take people out of that , you 're pushing failure .
I think that when you train your employees at loss aversion is preparing their entire company to be getting out of rewards .
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is we need to encourage people to risk .
We need to encourage people to not have afraid of the opportunities that they can make .
Ultimately , I think , I think we have to give it to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
<unk> fear . You risk it .
From a <unk> at the time , we have to embrace risk .
And ultimately , we have to support transparency .
Now , more than a bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And I said this , with honesty and transparency , my whole talk `` <unk> '' has been presented by my good friends of <unk> who for dollars bought the rights of the name in <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data for companies all over the world .
<unk> presents `` <unk> . ''
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So Morgan , on the name of transparency , which happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : It 's an exceptional question .
In my pocket , I have a check on the name of the TED organization , the Sapling Foundation , a check for dollars to be applied to my support for TED TED year .
The idea behind the computer worm is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> <unk> plant in <unk> .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems .
If we have to engage these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of trouble with a centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we managed to put an effective virus on Windows on a portable computer by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows <unk> .
<unk> enters the gray box , damages a centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started investigating about Stuxnet about six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing that was known is that it 's very , very complex on the Windows part : the <unk> used multiple vulnerabilities <unk> .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
That struck us , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet , and we saw what was going on with this .
So they went very strange stuff .
Stuxnet actually behaves like a laboratory in the lab that did n't like our cheese : it wave it , but I did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And then to experiment with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is a targeted attack .
It 's completely driven . ''
The <unk> is active in the gray box if it finds a specific configuration , and even if the program is trying to infect it is actually working in that place .
If not , Stuxnet do nothing .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this about 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , say , say , an energy power plant in the United States , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Better than <unk> the goal soon .
So we pulled out and <unk> the attack of attack , and we found that there was <unk> on two digital bombs : a small and a big .
We also saw that they were very professionally armed professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information .
We 'll take all of the points for them to attack .
You probably know how much fits the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you heard that <unk> 's <unk> is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the payload is very complex .
It 's very much above everything we 've seen before .
Here 's a sample of this attack .
We 're talking about 15,000 lines of code .
It looks pretty much like the old assembler .
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code .
What we were looking at at first were calls in the system of the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking at <unk> and data structures and tried to engage with the real world , with the real world of real world .
We need theories about recipients that we could pass or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , it must be a private target , and it 's probably located in Iran , because it 's where most of the infections have been <unk> .
They do n't find a number of thousands of goals in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> and <unk> <unk> plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` <unk> a list of all the experts in <unk> and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them and I ended up in an effort for <unk> their experience with what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the small digital <unk> with the control of rotor .
The rotor of rotor is that little cell in a centrifuge , that black object you see .
If you run the speed of this rotor , you can certainly be able to <unk> and even make a centrifuge .
What we also saw was that the goal of the attack was to do it slow and <unk> in an obvious effort to go back to the maintenance engineers , so that they could n't solve this quickly .
We try to figure out the big digital <unk> by looking at the data and their structures .
So , for example , the <unk> number shows up in that code , you ca n't afford it .
I started looking at scientific literature on how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall , and every waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And he got better .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts calls .
And guess what we find in the code of attack ?
An almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had with .
So there 's no misunderstanding .
The results have been created after several weeks of hard work .
It 's routinely <unk> on dead dead , and we had to come back .
Yet , we found that both digital warheads were going to take a single and same goal , but from different angles .
<unk> <unk> is taking a waterfall , and doing the rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In addition , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry about other goals are <unk> for Stuxnet .
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw , really struck me .
There 's the gray box , and you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors , for example , the pressure sensors and the sensors of vibration and provide legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with fake entry data .
And believe it or not , this fake entry data is <unk> for Stuxnet .
It 's like in Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security chamber is <unk> video .
Is it cool ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> the operators in the room of control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is <unk> a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast .
For example , in a energy plant , when the big steam turbine is happening , you have to open up tubes on a millisecond .
Obviously , this ca n't do it a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're committed , then you can get bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And it 's not the <unk> and the security system you 'll notice .
That scares you .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with <unk> of uranium .
It could also work , for example , in a power plant , or an automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- as attacker , that disseminate this burden with a USB key , like we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional technology of worms for <unk> .
It gets as possible .
And if you made that , with what <unk> is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence that we need to face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We need to face the consequences , and better than let us start to prepare now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , has been public in many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay . Do you really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately , fortunately .
Because , otherwise , our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take , and that I give you <unk> skills , or another one that does n't make users out chairs and go back and walk .
In `` <unk> <unk> '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's not different from something that puts in the morning , gives you a great force , which is also increase your speed , and helps , for example , to deal with balance .
It 's actually the true integration of man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other foreign things .
This is not a false idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on now , we started talking about the American soldier who , on average , has to take on your back a <unk> load , and he 's kept her getting more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- injuries on your back , 30 percent of soldiers -- with a chronic back damage .
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help drive the issue .
Let me introduce you to <unk> -- or <unk> Universal Human Human incentives .
Soldier : With the exoskeleton exoskeleton , I can carry 90 kilos of variable terrain for many hours .
Their flexible design , it allows you to get hard to crawl and run movements with great agility .
<unk> what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then my strength goes up and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
So it 's a reality .
So let 's go back to the users of the wheelchair , which I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 billion people in the wheelchair , in the world , around the world .
Like one percent of the population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
So we talked about something that happens often , very young people , with damage in the spinal cord that when they start their life -- 20 , 30 or 40 years old -- bumping into a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be its only choice .
We also talk about the population that you ages that is blown up very quickly .
Their only choice , many times -- by a brain injury or some another complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been so over for the last 500 years , from his successful emergence , as I should recognize .
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> who is using Amanda <unk> who 's 19 years ago , had an injury in the spinal cord , and as a result could n't go back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , that I mentioned .
It has some sensors .
<unk> <unk> on crutches who send signals to the computer on board , here on the back .
There are battery batteries that give energy energy on the motors , and on the knees , and they make them move to this soft , very natural gait .
AB : I was 24 years old at the top of my life , when I was a stranger jump in the air , it was paralyzed .
In a fraction of a second , I lost feeling and all motion from the pelvis .
Shortly after , a doctor walked into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk back . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
So I stole up to the last bit of hope of hope to be .
<unk> technology since then , has allowed me to learn to <unk> <unk> , climbing rocks and even riding on <unk> .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just soldiers , but Amanda , and all the users of the wheelchair , all of them .
AB : Thank you .
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , they practice practice to say hello , and the game is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the <unk> of Man <unk> or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet their cousins .
This is the world of wild Bonobos in the rainforests of Congo .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known for their aggression .
But unfortunately , we 've been very focused on this in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas the chimps are dominated by large , terrifying kinds , terrifying society is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence still has n't observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the <unk> jungle , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
The Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of <unk> itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been prolonged for decades and caused almost so many deaths like the First World War .
It 's no wonder that this destruction will also be placed in danger of the Bonobo .
The hunting of hunting meat and deforestation does not be able to fill and a stadium with the bonobos that are left in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the hidden laughter <unk> the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the `` make love , not the war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual and bisexual to drive conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than the <unk> <unk> .
As humans , as humans , they love to play throughout their entire life .
Play is not just a game of children .
For us , for us , the game is fundamental to establish links and encourage tolerance .
With him , we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
Play increases creativity and resilience , and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the Bonobo game , Bonobo sees the same evolutionary roots , the dance and the human ritual .
The game is the glue that binds us .
I do n't know how you play , but I want to show you a couple of only only taken from the wild .
First , it 's a <unk> game , and I 'm not talking about football .
Here we have a female and a young male in a persecution .
Look at what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase : `` He 's got it into the balls . ''
I just believe that in this case , he loves it , right ?
Yes .
So sexual play is common as much as human beings .
And this video is really interesting , because it shows -- this video is really interesting , because it shows the invention of bringing elements of unusual things like <unk> , and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's more fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , it can adopt a lot of ways , some of which are more <unk> , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder will be .
And I want you to look at -- this is <unk> , a young female , who is playing with water as a result .
I think , as she , sometimes we play alone , and explore the boundaries of our inner worlds and outside .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real estate of creativity .
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future that we have to adapt to a more and more difficult world with greater creativity and more cooperation .
The secret is that the game is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , play is our adaptation .
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But do we get to the most of our play capacity ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans alike , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it looks like the least appropriate to play , you may be the most urgent times .
And so , fellow primates , let 's accept this gift of evolution and play together as we <unk> creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not battling poverty , <unk> fires as a captain 's assistant in a body of volunteer fire .
And in our city , where volunteers are devoted to a highly skilled staff , you have to get to the fire site very soon to enter action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But there was still a race to the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was .
When I found the captain , he was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that has certainly been through one of the worst days of his life .
We were in full night , she was standing out in the rain , under an umbrella , in the pajamas , in the pajamas , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I , <unk> <unk> came first up to the captain and he asked him to come in and save the dog owns .
The dog ! I was <unk> jealous .
There was a lawyer or <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , I would have to tell the people who walked into a burning building to save a live being just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next one .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to get between the house .
I need to go up , throw the fire , and bring this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I was -- I got the stairs , at the end of the hallway , went to the <unk> department , ' that at that high or less they had ended up on the fire , and he walked into the top in a couple of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my payload back down the stair where I met my <unk> and the lovely dog on the front door .
We got out of the house treasures of the house where , as it was waiting for , their treasure got much more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter from the house owner by the brave effort to be able to save their house .
The kindness that she looked at about what else was that somebody had reached even a pair of shoes .
Both in my calling in Robin Hood , as in my calling as a volunteer firefighter , I 'm witness to acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also of grace acts and courage on the individual level .
And you know what I 've learned ?
It all has its importance .
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or are they going to do , very remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you this : do n't wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make a difference in somebody 's life .
If you have something to give , you 're going to get it right now .
<unk> food in a dining room , <unk> a neighborhood park .
They are mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have a chance to save someone 's lives , but every day we 're going to be able to influence someone 's life .
So I trained the game ; I 'm looking at shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea : <unk> of a fixed measure that fit together .
Very quickly , these became the most used unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at the time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , my LEGO came up with this .
He was called a brick of machine assembly .
And in a few years , the LEGO bricks came to all the homes .
It 's estimated that it has been made over 400 billion or 75 million bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings , or houses .
LEGO was made it accessible .
LEGO block simply adopted the concrete block , the favorite in the world , and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell labs , the next revolution was about <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of static bricks piled up a few of them to a world where everything was interactive .
Just like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to create much bigger and more complex , a brick at the time .
But there 's a key difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept that , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I began to explore the idea of bringing engineers from the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are the electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best of all is that they come together through magnets .
So you ca n't put it wrong .
The bricks have a code code .
The green is the output , the blue is the pink , the pink is the entry and the orange of the orange is the wire .
So you just have to assemble a blue one in green and very quickly , you can start to make larger circuits .
A blue one in the green makes light .
We can put a button in the middle and we have an regulator .
If we change the button by a pulse module , which is here , and we now have a light on it .
And we 're going to build this timbre to create more impact and have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connect and screw , we 're allowing us to program using very simple signature gestures .
To make them blink faster or slower , you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all of the interactions in the world to grow up to bricks to use .
<unk> , sounds , solar panels , motors -- everything must be accessible .
We 've given the kids to watch them play with them .
And it 's been an incredible experience .
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a light at night , or why the door of an elevator is maintained , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to design schools .
So , for example , designers without some electronics in electronics start to play with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with paper bottles and felt , we 've got to <unk> .
( metal noise ) A few weeks ago , we took <unk> to the designers from the Rhode Island School of Design , which has no expertise in engineering , just in cardboard and wood and said , `` Make something .
Here 's an example of a project that has done , an <unk> cannon 's <unk> <unk> .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a <unk> locust that has fear of darkness .
For these not engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be at the scope of all .
So <unk> has open source .
You can visit the website , download all the files of design and protect them .
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators , because this world that we live in , this interactive world , is our .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to tell you about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is trying to engage in the environment .
It 's distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You may take a little bit to load .
We can -- we can continue to better leave the video on one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
Solar technology is ...
Oh , I 'm at the time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to get a year and work in an environment that represent almost everything that they hate -- we asked them to work in government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America and would be like a <unk> of Peace .
We took some members every year and we put them to work with the municipalities .
Instead of sending them the Third World we send them to the wild world .
They made large applications ; they worked with the municipal employees .
Their task is to show the possibilities of technology today .
Think about it .
This is a New Boston hydrant .
Here 's how if I went on a quote , but what you 're actually looking for is that somebody would clean up when it 's trapped by snow because he knows that it 's not very good when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did he get to ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of <unk> for America .
They were there in February , and that 's the last year a long year .
They realized that the city never wiped these fire fire .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that citizens were going to <unk> the sidewalks right in front of them .
So he did like any good programmer , I developed an application .
It 's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrant .
You need to clean off to clean .
By doing it , you put a name , in this case he put it in .
If you do n't do that , somebody can get them .
I mean , it has a players .
It 's a modest application .
It 's probably the smallest of the 21 applications last year .
But it does something that no other technology has achieved .
And it spreads into viral form .
A responsible for systems in Honolulu City by seeing this app realized that I could use it , not for snow , but for citizens to get <unk> from tsunami .
It 's very important that they work these <unk> tsunami , but people are stolen .
That 's why the citizens control them .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens celebrated .
And Chicago just just throwing it out to make people stay in order to clean sidewalks when they were .
So now we know about nine cities that plan use .
And this has spread without friction , in a organic and natural way .
If you know a little bit of government technology , you know this does n't normally happen .
The software acquisition generally takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool that parents could choose the best public school for their children .
Then they told us that the regular channels would have taken at least two years and two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the court of California that the time has reached 2 million dollars , and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this at every level of government .
So an app that comes in a couple of days and spreads viral form is a kind of momentum of the government .
It suggests to the best ways of working , not as in private companies , as many people think that it should be .
Not as a technology company , but rather like the Internet itself .
I mean , without restrictions , in a way open and generative .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way we approach the issue of the government that has the new generation , not as a problem with an institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's really good because it turns out that we are very good at action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not just <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They have a great frustration to that , but they do n't complain about it .
And these people know something we 've lost from view .
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all those other things that put us crazy , the government is , essentially , in the words of Tim <unk> , `` What we do together , because we ca n't . ''
Now , many people have abandoned the government .
If you are one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government itself .
And because the government ultimately made it from us -- remember that from `` We , the village , '' the way to think about it will affect the way that change change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as many people thought that the government was to choose people to carry charges .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially , about <unk> .
This is the local phone care center .
It 's the place that calls the calls if you brand 311 in America .
Scott <unk> this call .
I joined `` <unk> '' at the base of official knowledge .
I found nothing . It started with animal control .
And finally he said , `` Hey , you can open the gates of the house , get a strong music and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It 's got an application , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
You did n't accept that application .
It was the work of very clever people from the Office of New Boston Urbana .
One day , this really happened , it comes this request , `` <unk> in my garbage , '' I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do that for you ? ''
The <unk> dynamics are different .
Scott was talking about it .
In <unk> <unk> , everything is public , so everyone can see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I approached the place , I found the garbage garbage behind the house .
<unk> ? Yes . I lived ? Yes .
I turned the cube back . I went home .
Good evening , sweet <unk> . ''
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of the government to distribute distributed .
But it 's also a great example of governance as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition of technology .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to get around and help others .
So , a citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
I connected to two people .
And it could be connected to government services for necessary , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than the government services .
When one neighbor helps each other , we 'll build the communities .
If we call animals control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but thinks you 're the entrance to the other .
That our entry to the government system is the vote .
How many times have I chosen a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new leader of political leader and then we hope that the government reflects our values and it involves our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is a <unk> surface layer .
Underneath this is what we call <unk> .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt that 's keeping us that we 're funded as something that we believe in our against , that other thing , and then we 're losing power .
People think that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy .
Because it 's where the true government work happens .
We have to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens concerned that have written a very detailed report for 325 pages in response to the <unk> of the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for the ones that we 've been facing to the government , it 's time to ask us what world we want to leave to our kids .
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face .
Do you really believe that we will have to go without the institution that can act on behalf of all ?
We ca n't do without government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to root the root of government so that it can expand strengthening civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it 's not so hard to act , just to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years so that I , so reluctantly , I 'm a generation greater than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face on who 's going to talk to ; they 're all going to talk .
They can express their views at all at the same time and do it .
So when they face the government 's problem , they do n't really care about their voices .
They 're using hands .
They bring hands to the work for programming applications to work better at the government .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning a fire hydrant , taking them out by weeds and dumping a garbage out of junk that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we could have cleaned those fire fire and many people do it .
But these applications are as a digital reminder that we 're not only consumers , not only the consumers of government we pay taxes and get services .
We are more than that : we 're citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until we do n't want citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things that we need to do together , all together , will be a crowd of voices , or also will be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimuli has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I noticed in this short time , is that TED has identity .
And the things that are told here are impact around the world .
And sometimes , if something comes from TED , it makes sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I mean this because I think identity is important to be important .
So here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if you teach them with feeling , you can have special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , let me tell you if it 's <unk> , it can make a lot more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't actually learn this in practice of the right , my job .
I learned from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional animal of an dominated African-American family by a matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , he had power .
It was the last word in every discussion in the family .
She initiated a lot of <unk> in our home .
He was the daughter of people who had been slaves .
Her parents were born in slavery in Virginia over 1840 .
She was born on the 1880 and his experience with slavery , and the way we saw the world .
She was hard , but she was also loving .
When I was a little kid and I looked at her , she was approaching me and gave me a good hug .
I was so strong that I could barely breathe , and then I would stop it .
One or two hours later , I went back to look at her , and I was approaching it , and I was like , `` Are you going to get my hug ? ''
And if I was saying no , I 'm holding it back , and if I was saying yes , I left him in peace .
I had this human quality that I would always want to be close to it .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the lowest of 10 .
Sometimes , when I was going to spend a while with her , it was n't easy to catch his time and her attention .
My cousins were running everywhere .
I remember when I was eight , nine years old , I woke up one morning , and I went to the room , and they were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
At first I thought it was a game .
So he looked at her and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 20 minutes , she got up , walked through the room , took me out of my hand , and he said , `` Come on <unk> . We 're both going to talk to you . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
And he took me out and said , `` Oh , let me tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now you 're not going to do . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down , looked at me and said , `` I want you to know that I 've been looking at it . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do anything you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
Then he said , `` I just want you to get three things to me , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to tell me is you always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you 've got to <unk> me that always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said , `` The second thing I want I want to tell me is that you will always do the right thing , but the right thing to do is . ''
I thought , and I said , `` Yes , Mama . So I will . ''
Then he finally said , `` The third thing I want you to do is that I would never make alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in rural South . I 've got a younger brother and sister a year younger .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a six beers , I do n't know where he got it , he grabbed my sister and me and we went to the forest .
We 're just doing the crazy questions .
He took a sip of beer , he offered my sister , she took a little and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no . All right . You follow , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today it 's <unk> . And you always do the same thing .
I already took something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me .
And he said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
And I walked out my gaze , and he went , `` Oh , I 'm not going to be thinking about conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells all the grandchildren you 're special . ''
I was broken .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that I probably should n't say .
I know this is widely spreading .
But I 'm about 52 years , and I can admit I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I 'm not saying this is to be a virtue ; I mean by the power of identity .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others who really do n't make sense .
We ca n't get them to do things that ca n't do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in jail during the ban .
My uncles died of diseases related to alcohol .
And these were the things that , according to her , we should engage .
Now , trying to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago .
There were 300,000 prisoners in 1972 .
Today 's 2.3 million .
In America we have the largest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people in probation .
And this massive incarceration , in my view , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor communities or black , they find so much <unk> , so despair , determined by these facts .
One of three black men between 18 and 30 years is in jail or parole .
In urban <unk> across the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all young people in color are in jail or <unk> .
Our system is not just distorted versus race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a judicial system that 's very much better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , but wealth which affects the results .
And it seems to be very quiet .
The fear of fear and anger make us believe that these are not problems .
We 're disconnected .
I think interesting .
We 're looking at our work some really curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as other states , you 're going to give you rights to always if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we put it over to the next 10 years the level of loss of loss will be as high as it was before we put law law to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent kids .
Many of my clients are very young .
The United States is the only country in the world where he was sentencing to 13-year-old kids to die in prison .
We have in this country prison for kids , without possibility of getting out .
Now we 're in the process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people in death row .
This issue of death penalty is interesting .
So , in some sense , they 've been able to think that the final question is , people deserve to die by the <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity .
There 's another way of looking at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for crimes they 're going to die , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty death penalty is defined by error .
Out of every nine people , has identified an innocent that is innocent and released from death row .
A mistake of error , amazing ; an innocent of every nine .
This is interesting .
It 's not allowed to never fly airplanes from every nine to take away , you would have gone from crashing .
But somehow we get rid of the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history , I talk about slavery .
I 'm talking about terrorism , the time it started at the end of the rebuilding and that lasted to the Second World War .
We really do n't know a lot about this .
But for black Americans in this country , it was a little defined time by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried about being bombarded .
The threat of terror was what defined their lives .
Now there are people who come up to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you teach talks , you teach talks . Let 's talk about people to stop saying that in our ongoing history with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of loss of racial and separation .
In this country , we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And this is why we have n't understood the meaning of what historically we 've done .
All time we collide with each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflicts .
It costs us to talk about races . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation .
In South Africa , people understood that they could n't overcome racial segregation without a commitment to truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving conferences on death row .
It was fascinating , because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said , `` You know , it 's fine to listen to what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death penalty in Germany .
We can never have it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There 's no way that with our story , we can never get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational to us , intentional and deliberately put us to execute people . ''
<unk> about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , would execute people , especially if they were in their face of Jews ?
We could not tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If you really do n't care about these things that are so difficult , positive and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . <unk> creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , the abuse , the degradation , the <unk> .
In my view , it 's necessary to integrate both things .
We talk about the need to have more hope , more commitment , more dedication to the basic challenges of life in this complex world .
I think that means spending more time thinking about and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that will never come to TED .
And thinking about them , in some ways , something that 's within our self .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues we have n't seen .
So we are . In spite of being so rational , so committed to the intellectual .
The whole thing with innovation , with creativity , development comes not just from brain ideas .
These things come from ideas , also by the convictions of the heart .
This connection of your mind with heart is what drives us to look at not just the brilliant and dazzling , but also in the dark and the hard .
Infinite <unk> , the great <unk> leader , talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in East Europe suffering by oppression , we wanted all kinds of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , orientation for spirit , a will to be in sites of despair and being witnesses . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much at the heart of what I believe , that even in communities like TED , has to engage .
There 's no disconnect related to technology and design , that allowed us to be truly human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we 're ignoring these things .
We go back to finding them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women would gather just to speak .
Occasionally , Mrs. <unk> calls me , `` <unk> , comes the lady 's lady . We 're going to get together to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Yes , ma'am . I know . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I said , `` <unk> . ''
So I would just listen to them .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , tell me that it 's that idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been convicted .
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice .
We try to stop the sentences for life , without probation sentences for the kids .
We try to do something about death row .
We 're trying to reduce the population in jails .
We 're trying to end up with massive <unk> . ''
I gave all my best speech , and I finished looking at me and said , `` Oh , `` <unk> Mmmmm . ''
And he said , `` Be exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At that time , Ms. <unk> leaned , he put his finger in the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I believe that actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We need to find a way to address these challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been trained in simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher than the worst we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if somebody says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if somebody takes something that does n't belong , it 's not that a burglar .
Even if somebody kills another , it 's not a killer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not the wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think that even though it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very beautiful , very supportive , do n't be judged by our technology , because of our designs , not our intellectual capacity or rational .
At the end , you judge the character of a society , not the way they treat rich , powerful and privileged , but the way they treat the poor , the doomed , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we start to understand truly profound topics about what we are .
Sometimes I feel <unk> . I 'm going to finish with a story .
Sometimes I make too much force .
Little tired , like everybody .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my faces in an important way .
I 've been representing these guys who have been convicted of toughness .
I 'm going to jail and I look at my clients from 13 and 14 years old , who have been <unk> for them as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge turning somebody into what is not ?
The judge was called an adult , but I see a child .
And one night , I was awake thinking -- `` Oh God , if the judge can turn you into something you 're not , must have magic powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask for something about it .
As it was very late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14-year-old customer , a small , poor , black .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> that said , `` <unk> for my 14-year-old black customer being treated like a white , 75 year-old white man . ''
In the <unk> , I put there that there had been roadside behavior in accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line on how in this country there 's no ethical , but a whole lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking about that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or really I wrote it ?
To my horror , I was not only <unk> , but I had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I 've already forgotten .
And I finally decided -- Oh my God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got to the car , and I was really overwhelmed with the car , overwhelmed .
I was in the car at court .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
I finally came out of the car . I walked to court .
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with a older black man ; it was a fan of the court .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He said , `` Is you a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
And then I approached me and shut up .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that it was <unk> .
That 's deeply connected with me , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the audiences of audiences .
By entering , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Yes , Mr. went . '' And we started discussing .
People started coming . They were all mad .
I was the one that I had written on those crazy things .
They came from police prosecutors , auxiliary .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people , they 're furious because we talked about races , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the <unk> of the eye , I went to see how he was going and came .
I would look out of the window , and you 'd try to hear all that <unk> .
I walk over here and over here .
Finally , this old black , with a face of concern , I walked into the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge decreed a break .
During the break , an <unk> assistant was upset because the superintendent had entered in the room .
The assistant ran over the old black man .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the conference hall ? ''
And the old black stood , he looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I went into this audience of audiences to tell this young man who will keep his view in <unk> . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big , but it folds towards justice .
We can not be truly human beings if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is linked to each other .
That our technology of technology , design and entertainment and creativity must bind to brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all of all , those of all of you here are sharing this , I just want to tell you that keep your view in the objective of <unk> .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see a obvious desire from the audience , from this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
<unk> : There are several opportunities nearby .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> this spring in which you 're going to get an effort to fund the funds that are spent today in punishment policy .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty , over the next five years . billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the homicide cases do n't go into arrests .
56 percent of rapes do n't get to anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to propose that these funds would get the law to get the law .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is said that it has to do with the highest incarceration rate .
What would you say to those who believe that this is ?
<unk> : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The big growth of mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes of violence .
It 's the wrong war on drugs .
That 's why this dramatic increase in the missing population arises .
And we let us convince the rhetoric of punishment .
We 've got three legal causes to bring people to life to live ; by stealing a bicycle , small crimes against property , instead of making them <unk> those resources to their victims .
I think we need to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy of punishment does nothing for anybody .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 're excited about today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for coming to TED . Thank you .
Announcer : They grow the threats by bin Laden 's death .
Voice 2 : <unk> in Somalia . Announcer : The police trigger O.C . spray .
<unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> .
Announcer : <unk> <unk> . Announcer : 65 dead .
<unk> 8 : <unk> tsunami : <unk> .
Several <unk> : Star Wars , mass destruction .
Recession . <unk> . <unk> end . Egypt . Syria .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips I got in the last six months . <unk> could be the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that the media media prefer <unk> negative news because our minds are paying attention .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of every day , our senses are receiving many more data than the brain can process .
And because nothing matters more than surviving , the first stop of all of that data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning , the danger detector .
<unk> and records all of the information looking for something in the environment that could make us hurt .
So that 's why a <unk> of <unk> stories would look at the negative .
That old saying of the press , `` If there 's blood , it sells , '' it 's very true .
And because of all digital devices give us negative news , the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , it 's not surprising to be pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world is going to be wrong .
But it 's probably not that way .
Maybe , instead , what really happens is we get <unk> .
Maybe the huge progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying we do n't have our good problems : climate change , the extinction of species , water scarcity and energy ; we have no doubt .
As humans , we 're very good at <unk> the problems , and at the long end , we just went with them .
Let 's look at it in the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average life has more than doubled , the average income per capita adjusted for inflation has tripled all over the world .
Child mortality has halved 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , electricity , transportation and communications , has halved 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time of human history .
And Charles graffiti that world literacy has passed from 25 percent to over 80 percent over the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget it .
And we keep giving ourselves more and higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
Think about it today in America , most of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , mobile , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the rubber century , the <unk> of the planet would never have dreamed of luxury .
<unk> a lot of this is technology , and lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that <unk> in the technology technology jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling the price performance in about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a <unk> of the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to watch two things on this curve .
First , the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times , in war and peace , in recession , depression and booming .
It 's the outcome of quick computers that are used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop at any of the big challenges .
And although it 's <unk> in a law on the left , it 's going to go up .
The growth rate of technology is actually getting faster .
And on this curve , as a Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computation in the cloud , which my Autodesk of Autodesk call infinite computation , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing and its ability to democratize and distribute personalized production throughout the planet , synthetic biology , fuel , vaccines , vaccines and food , digital medicine , the Kadoom and the A.I . .
I mean , how many saw the victory on `` Jeopardy '' by Watson , from IBM ?
It was epic .
I sought in the newspapers the best headline .
And I loved this one , `` Watson sends to opponents . ''
`` Jeopardy '' is not an easy game .
He plays out with the nuances of the human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available to everyone on the mobile phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how can they solve the major challenges of humanity .
And each year we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , that can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people .
Thirty years ago , that would be absurd .
We can now point out a <unk> of companies that have already done .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for every single dweller on the planet ; it 's about creating a life of possible .
It 's about taking that that is scarce and making it plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon III in the middle of 1800 .
He 's the guy on the left .
He invited dinner the king of <unk> .
The troops of Napoleon ate with silver , and the same Napoleon , with covered in gold .
But the king of <unk> , he ate with covered in aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet ; it was worth more than gold and platinum .
So that 's why the tip of the Washington Monument is aluminum .
You see , even though the aluminum is flexibility percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come like pure metal .
It 's tethered through oxygen and <unk> .
But then he got the <unk> and made an aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
It 's going to make this analogy to the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet bathed in 5,000 times more energy than we used in a year .
They come to the Earth 16 <unk> of energy every 88 .
It 's not about scarcity , but accessibility .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the <unk> of diesel : It 's actually rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy dropped 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the U.S. parts of the United States , solar electricity will cost six cents the <unk> per hour compared to 15 cents a national half .
And if we have abundance of energy , we also have plenty of water .
Let 's talk about wars in the water .
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed the Voyager spacecraft to Earth , in 1990 , after Saturn happened ?
It was a famous picture . How did it call it ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent per water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fought for 0.5 percent of the world 's water , but there 's a hope .
It 's an available technology not in 10 20 years , but right now .
It comes nanotechnology , it comes to modesty .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators in the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , gave me permission to do this -- your technology called <unk> <unk> , already , is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate a thousand gallons of drinking water a day of any saltwater <unk> , contaminated water , a <unk> <unk> <unk> .
The president of Coca-Cola has just thought that I 'm going to make a significant proof of hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes right , and I have full confidence that it 's going to be , Coca-Cola can implement it in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an <unk> innovation for this technology that exists today .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent penetration in the developing world in the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communications communications than President Reagan 's 25 years ago .
And to tell with a smartphone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago .
She lives in a world of abundance of information and communication that nobody might have predicted .
So I 'd better than that , the things that you and I have paid for tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , HD video , images , libraries of books and music , diagnostic technology , <unk> <unk> and losing market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best coming to it when you come up with health applications .
Last month , I had the pleasure of announce with the <unk> Foundation called the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies into a mobile device that they talk about , and because it has A.I . , you can coughing , you can get blood from your finger .
To win has to make better diagnoses than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the burden of morbidity is 25 percent , and there 's 1.3 percent of health workers .
Now , when this device is <unk> a virus of RNA or DNA that 's not recognition , I 'll call the healthcare and , first of all , prevent the pandemic happening .
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance .
I call it the <unk> billion .
The white lines here are the population .
We just passed the brand of seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , we 'll spend two billion to five billion of users of the Internet .
Three billion minds have never heard about the global conversation .
What will these people want ?
What do n't you want ? What should you have ?
And instead of an economic collapse , we will have the biggest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of trillion dollars in the global economy .
And <unk> of more health thanks to the <unk> , a better education with Academy Academy , and because of using 3D impressions and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can us give us three billion members of humanity , healthy healthier and productive ?
How about some voices ever before ?
What if we give them the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
What about these 3,000 billion ?
And if you 're contributions we ca n't predict ?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things -- things that they could only make the big corporations and governments .
I 'm going to finish by sharing a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
<unk> determine the structure and the functionality .
It 's very important in medical research .
And so far , it was a supercomputers problem .
They have played with this college teachers , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it .
And it 's been shown that the machinery recognition machinery is better folding proteins than better computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power to take the big challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have a passion of <unk> innovative .
We have the capital of <unk> .
And we have three billion minds that we 're going to have to work on to work on the solution of major challenges and do what we should do .
We have for some extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
<unk> <unk> .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll just give you three examples to do time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , 1835 .
Maybe they believed that he finches , but it was n't .
They actually pick up fish .
And he described to one of them as very common .
It was grouper .
He was caught very much to the 1880s .
Now the fish is on the Red List from the IUCN .
But we 've heard this story many times , about Galapagos and other places , so that 's nothing special .
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The brochures are still saying intact .
So what happens here ?
The second story , also illustrates another concept : displacement of the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in Western Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought I could take it .
I burned a lot with the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palms , and as you can see , from a mangroves .
There was <unk> about 20 centimeters , <unk> black beard .
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant and spent for a good time , so he made it more than the average in Ghana .
When I was there 27 years later the number of fish had come down .
I went to the five centimeters .
It will take a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of fishing fishing in Asia .
In the 1970s , well , it started in <unk> Europe , so many development projects did .
The fishing development assumed to impose to the countries that were already 100,000 fishermen , bringing them industrial fishing .
And this boat , pretty ugly , was called <unk> 4 .
I went to fishing in it , and we did studies on the South of the China 's Sea <unk> and , especially in the Java Sea .
What we capture was something <unk> .
<unk> , now I know , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we capture was sponges and other animals that are at the bottom .
And most of the fish are tiny spots on some remains , remains that are fish of coral reef .
In short , the bottom of the sea came to the deck , and then it was launched .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In a year , you do a study and then start the commercial fishing .
The background is going to be a solid background of soft coral , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat them . They wrote them because they were dead .
Once we captured a living .
I was still not <unk> .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen collect every time they go to an area where they have never fish .
But it 's not documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
<unk> the starting point , the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you take this stuff out .
On the axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things naturally .
Each generation using the images received by the beginning of their conscious life as normal and we extrapolate ahead .
The difference is that they perceive the loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the thesis of changes .
And in the end , keeping some miserable remains .
And that 's what we want to do now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem is affecting people when societies are killing animals , they kill animals without knowing what they 've done to some generations later .
Because obviously , an animal that 's very abundant , before extinct , is rare .
You do n't lose plentiful animals .
You lose <unk> animals .
Even if this is n't perceived as a great loss .
Over time , we focus on big animals , and in a sea to be synonymous with big fish .
They become rare , because we fished .
Over time , there 's a few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists , <unk> that was very different .
And they will , because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect that it has the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of you present , as the captain of the one , and so I looked at a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used or , usually they do n't use the scientists of fishing , because it 's not `` scientist . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
From there the huge role that can be a protected marine area .
Because with marine zones , we actually recreating the past .
<unk> the past people ca n't conceive of because the starting point has been run and is extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a protected marine zone and can benefit from the vision that they provide , which allows them to erase their starting point .
And what about the people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like the West people in the West , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and cinema , maybe you can fill out the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people were being touched by the movie -- I 'm going to talk about the story of <unk> , why do we deal with images ?
Because it raises something that , in some sense , it 's lost .
So my recommendation , the only one to give , is Cameron , making `` Avatar II . ''
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube manager of YouTube , and I look at YouTube YouTube .
It 's true .
So we 're going to see why the videos are doing viral and what importance has that .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians , when I was younger , that seemed very , very hard .
But today , the web video makes any of us , or our actions , copper copper in a part of our global culture .
Anybody can be made famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
It 's over 48 hours from video to YouTube per minute .
And , of those , just a small percentage percentage gets viral , gets lots and lots of hits and wins cultural <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators , communities of participation and surprise .
Okay , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
Oh my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video shot outside of his house in the National Park .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This chart shows the views in the popularity of last summer .
<unk> did n't do a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
I had already published many videos of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> published this tweet that <unk> the popularity .
The creators of trends like Jimmy <unk> are presented with new and interesting things and <unk> them to a wider audience .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , Friday . You have to start Friday . Everybody wants to get the weekend , the weekend . <unk> , Friday . We 're not thinking that we can have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' from Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year .
You saw it about 200 million times this year .
This chart shows the frequency of use .
Just like `` T1 rainbow '' -- this video seemed to have emerged from nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it 's a Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took it <unk> and many blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , by <unk> Science showed , was one of the first people to make a joke about video on Twitter .
But the important thing is that a person or a group of makers will embrace a view and share it with a wider audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this great inner joke then starts to talk about that and do things .
And now there 's 10,000 <unk> <unk> <unk> .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody of each other days .
Unlike the one-way Year of the 20th century , this community engagement is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon , or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat '' is an animation repetitive , with a music .
That 's that , that 's all .
This year , you saw it about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know there 's a <unk> version that 's been seen four million times .
Until cats saw this video .
And there are cats who saw other cats to see the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity I woke up between the <unk> community of the Internet .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made an old version of the old .
And then it became international .
Suddenly a whole community emerged that made this happen from being a joke to something that we all can form .
Because today we do n't just enjoy , we participate .
Who might have predicted something like this ?
Who might have predicted `` non-zero rainbow '' or `` Rebecca Black '' or `` <unk> <unk> . ''
What script could you have written that would you have written this situation ?
In a world where two days video shows up two days of video per minute , just that unexpected and unexpected can actually make sure that these things have done it .
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a guy who protest against speeding tickets in New York City , I 'll admit that I was n't very interested .
Casey <unk> : I got a ticket for <unk> , but often there are obstacles that prevent you in a circular circular <unk> .
KA : Thank you to surprise and his humor , Casey <unk> had achieved that five million people saw and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth all the new things that we do creatively .
And all of this leads to a big question ...
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
The abilities , creative communities of participation , totally unexpected , are features of a new kind of media , from a new culture , which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity .
As I said before , one of the famous celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , began on YouTube .
Do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a bit of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of old media , they 're just the current media , but they 're going to define the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still building up .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
He 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose whole life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom in his country .
Think about the communist as the communist in <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so long , friends , were making fun .
It 's going to be silent .
He died broken .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My task was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that history tried to get a bit of <unk> , but it was <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat to dawn <unk> quietly quietly .
My mother , <unk> , was only 18 years old when his father died , and a <unk> marriage and two little girls .
For her , life had been destined for a task : the escape from his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do it .
And after a <unk> of four years that challenges fiction , a boat slid into the sea dressed as fishing .
All the adults knew the risks .
The biggest fear was the pirates , the rape and the death .
As most of the adults , my mother was wearing an jar of poison .
If we would catch , we would first take my sister and me , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the steady rate of the engine , the bow to dive into each wave , and the vast and empty horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates that came from a number of times , but they were fooled by the men 's bravery on our boat , or the dying engine and not being able to break for six hours .
But I do remember the lights on the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , finish the journey was too much for him ; and the first apple I tried , given by the men on the platform .
No apple had done the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations shaping a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of workers whose population is comprised of immigrants .
Unlike the middle class difference , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that came from the stores were the rest of the world .
And the fragments of English <unk> were traded between people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then in an assembly line of cars , working six days , double a turn .
Yet , I found time to study English and get a health care degree .
We were poor .
All the dollars was mapped , and established an extra mentoring in English and mathematics , they would n't matter what I should be removed , which was generally new clothes ; it was always a second hand .
Two <unk> pairs for school , one to hide the holes of the other .
A school uniform up to the ankles , because it had to last six years .
And there were weird <unk> and <unk> on the <unk> and some graffiti , `` Asians , come home . ''
So , where ?
It 's something in me <unk> .
I was accumulating purpose and a voice saying , `` I 'm going to <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I 'd come into the same bed .
My mother was alive every night , but we told us about our day and we were hearing the movements of our grandmother in the house .
My mother suffered nightmares , all of the ship .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to <unk> him .
She opened up a computer store , and then he studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And the women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and boys were stuck in between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
They created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , I was the classic , relentless , relentless , relentless Asian student with what I was doing from myself .
On the other one , I was very strong in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many received help over the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year of advocacy , I chose the young Australian young woman .
And I was <unk> from a piece of the puzzle to the other , but its edges did n't fit .
As I read , anonymous anonymously of <unk> , he was now as well , refugee and social activist , invited to talk about sites that I 'd never heard of , and in homes whose existence would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about nothing .
I wanted to retreat to the routines and the happy of life in a suburb <unk> -- a mother , a mother and two daughters just finishing up the day as they did for nearly 20 years , <unk> on the day of every single time and he 's going to go out , the three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom I could n't do that .
It reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when we got on the boat .
`` No '' had never been an option .
`` Get off , '' he said , `` You 're not what you wo n't . ''
So I talked about youth and education and <unk> to the marginalized and women .
And the more frankly I was talking , the more it was <unk> to speak .
I met people from all the roads of life , many of them doing what they loved , living in the border of possible .
And although I finished my bachelor 's degree , I realized I could n't stay in a career .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , a newly arrived on the scene -- and not just that it 's fine , but it 's something that 's going to be grateful for , maybe a gift of the ship .
Because being inside can easily mean the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave them enough steps outside my happy place to know that , yeah , the world is broken , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that would n't have been <unk> were tremendously .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a rare mix of humility and bravery .
So I kept my intuition .
We 're going to take a small group of people to the slogan , `` You ca n't be done , '' was an irresistible challenge .
For a year we did n't have a dime .
At the end of every day , he made a giant pot of soup that we all shared .
<unk> until the night at night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant ones , and we cut us up .
I made the decision to move to the U.S .
And after one journey .
My hunch again .
Three months later , I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finish , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time when the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person that mattered .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother grew alone .
At the age of 17 , he became a <unk> whose mother was beating her .
Without support of his husband , he caused a stir to the <unk> and took the cause her , and much more <unk> caused when I won .
You ca n't do it proved to be wrong .
I was in the shower in a hotel in Sydney when she died , 1,000 miles , in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower and I saw it stop the other side .
I knew I 'd come to say it .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around their coffin .
We tell the stories and we make sure we were still with it .
At night a monk came in and told us that I had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to raise her hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is his hand hot , and the rest of the body 's so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand from the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't <unk> it . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Because of those of us who were and how life formed us , we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us .
The defeat would have easily <unk> .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I ask myself about the boat .
Who could want that to know ?
However , I fear the privilege of the easy , the right .
Can I give you a bow in your life , and I can attract brave in each wave , the <unk> rhythm of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it and see them safely , I would do it .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother 's mother here , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the sky skies , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed from the era of ancient Indian epic `` The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car and <unk> the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time , when <unk> , the great Indian warrior , I was thirsty , he took an arch and with a <unk> on the ground , he got water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion we took out was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And that 's a lot of my mind .
Every time I felt a little bit more about <unk> .
I 'm going to show you this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't afford my friends .
It seemed like the technology had to allow magic , not to kill her .
As a child , my grandfather gave me her silver silver bag .
And this component of 50 years was to my most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world filled with images , of pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the sense that mobile phones , the luxury clocks and the cameras , prevent we <unk> .
We made our inspiration .
So I launched this technological world to see how to use it to create magic , rather than kill her .
I 've got books from 16 years .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a device that could be able to connect the readers of the whole world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where we are .
<unk> text with the image , animation , sound and touch .
storytelling becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what does that do ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application interactive .
He says , `` puts your fingers on every light . ''
And so , it says , `` This box belongs to -- I write my name .
And so I get a character from the book .
In several moments , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live by GPS -- that 's led to me .
My inner girl is excited about all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , but that 's the magic of childhood , to those ideas that are <unk> .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always becoming exciting .
So here , we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies .
And , really , light up your way on what 's subtraction of the book .
Another idea that I loved as a child was a whole galaxy in a <unk> .
So here , every book and every world becomes a <unk> that I drag into this magic device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In all comics , there 's always been maps , but they 've been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you over the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book , it also reveals .
Now I 'm going to go in .
Another hugely important aspect to me is to create Indian content and contemporary .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard from <unk> and <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts , the <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in shell cameras for millennia , in an old and moist book .
So we 're bringing them back in a contemporary child history .
In a story that is today today as the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems of the last 10 years has been to be locked together , pasted for their PCs , they have n't come out to the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions in the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a child I had a lot of collections : sticks , stones , pebbles and shells .
For some reason the kids do n't do it .
So in order to reclaim this childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in a chapter , you 've got a picture of a flower to a flower and then <unk> it .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then record .
So this is a digital collection of pictures that then you can put on the Web .
A child in London puts a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
An Indian boy says , `` Today I saw a monkey . ''
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taking .
Within the variants of connecting between magic , Earth and technology are many possibilities .
In the next book , we said to have an interaction where you get out with the iPad and the video on and through augmented reality , you see a group of cartoons that appear on the inner plants .
At a moment the screen is filled with leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and you have to be able to read the rest of the book .
We go into a world where the forces of nature <unk> with technology and magic and technology gets closer to another .
<unk> the power of the sun .
We are approaching our children and ourselves to ourselves the natural world and that magic , joy and love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many projects of <unk> fail .
And I think , really , the most important thing that we stopped listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at the University of <unk> was <unk> a director of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little coffee cup or tea , and I asked patients , family and acquaintances : What happens ? ''
`` How can we help ?
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems that everybody , or maybe not all , but most of the <unk> projects fail , because we stopped listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's very simple .
It 's got a doorknob and off and off .
Every morning I get on .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got a challenge to get to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I connect me , send my information to Google Health .
And my <unk> doctor has access to him as well . So he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time when I need assistance care or some urgency of that style , but to see her backwards .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you know , I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning , I connect to my Wi-Fi scale and before you get to my car , people start to talk to me : <unk> , today I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure from the peers used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients to stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can <unk> to move people out of their chairs and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From the next week , being available .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people will be able to , from their homes , take their blood pressure , put it into their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they come back to reclaim control and to be captains of their own ship , but it also can help health care because of the challenges that we face , like the firing of demand for <unk> attention , the doubling of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And they can do it with techniques like this , but it also involves crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did , I 'd like to share with you with a video .
We all have checks on cars .
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones .
We know perfectly where the ATM machines are in <unk> .
Also , where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saving lives right now .
What we did was crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the public that , if you look at a <unk> , please <unk> , you know , where , and when it 's open , they sometimes open up at times in office environment and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> were already introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we did an app for the iPad .
We created an augmented application for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and somebody collapses , they can use your iPhone , and then the next weeks to use their phone from Microsoft to find the closest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to present this one , not just like <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also like <unk> .
And we want to <unk> globally .
We are <unk> all of the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act as a center for the crowdsourcing of <unk> around the world .
Any time you 're on vacation and someone collapses , can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
I would also want to invite companies around the world that could help us enrolled these <unk> .
They could be texting or telephone people , for example , to see if the <unk> that is shown is still in place .
Please help us in this and not only improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share smokeless photography .
Or is it <unk> ?
Because , of course , they 're photographs that ca n't take their cameras .
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed up with my previous passion , but it was a little bit different because by using the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when the trigger .
For me , photography had more to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed to me that anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start by pressing the trigger .
Millions of this : a building on a very <unk> road .
But it 's got an unexpected turn .
And despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or photos like these -- dark and colorful , but with the common goal of keeping the level of realism .
And when I say realism , I say <unk> .
Because , of course , it 's not something that I can do , but I always want you to have been captured in some way as a photograph .
Except that you have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It has more to do with capture an idea that we 've got to capture a moment .
But what 's the trick that makes them seem real ?
Are you the details or the colors ?
Do you get the light ?
So what creates the illusion ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But in the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's not really about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality , and we put them together to create an alternative reality .
I 'm going to show you a simple example .
Here 's three objects perfectly imaginable , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in a certain way , they can create something that still looks three-dimensional ; it still looks like it .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we pretend to the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that that really does n't make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It 's really about combining different realities .
And the things that make a picture of it as realistic as realistic as realistic as I think are those people that we do n't even think about ; the things that surround us in our everyday lives .
But by combining pictures , it 's very important to consider it , because otherwise something will be wrong .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic outcomes .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective .
Second , the photos combined have to have the same kind of light .
And these two images do n't have these requirements ; they were taken at the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to do impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of different images with a perfect joint .
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made .
This is another example .
You might think this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated .
But this image is totally composed of pictures of different places .
And I think it 's easier to create a place to find a place to find it , because you do n't need to put the ideas that you have in your head .
But it takes a lot of planning .
And as I thought about this idea in winter , I knew I had several months to find out , to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing journey .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> was captured in a stone .
And I know , I even did red the house at the top of the island to look more .
So to get a realistic outcome , I think it 's planning .
It 's always starting with a sketch .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here each piece is very well meant .
If you do a good job when you take the photos , the result can be very beautiful and very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'll start showing you a slide of technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it .
It 's a diagram that I took from a folder .
I 'm not so interested in showing you the details , but the overall aspect .
It 's about an analysis that we were doing about the power of microprocessors versus the power of the local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this one , like a lot of others that we tend to see , is a kind of a straight line on a logarithmic scale .
In other words , every step of here represents an order of magnitude at the scale of performance .
I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves on it .
Here 's something weird .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn the lights on .
It would be more intensity , because writing about paper .
Why do we plot technological curves on <unk> scales ?
The answer is that if the drawing of a normal curve in which , let 's say , these are the years , or some of the time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I 'd like to chart , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't mean much .
But if plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve , it would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something like this , it gives you a qualitative change .
If the technology of the transport is <unk> as fast as microprocessors , past tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't move to that rate .
There is no precedent in the history of technological development of increasing growth that every few years , orders of magnitude .
The question I want to argue is -- looking at these exponential curves , we see that they 're not following forever .
It 's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes .
It takes one of two things .
Or it 's okay to become a typical curve , like this until something completely different , or maybe I 'll do something like that .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like that .
So we would now be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we 're in a transition from what used to be the world , to a new form .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and I wonder , is , what is that new form of taking the world ?
So why new state is the world going ?
The transition seems very , very fuzzy if we are immersed in it .
I remember as a child in the future 2000 , and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel something is happening .
We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't make a lot of sense about 30 or 50 years because it 's all so different to extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit of things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and computer .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at things in the long term .
The scale of time that I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at each billion years .
So , you go back about a couple of two million years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that would spread around it .
If we look at the way that chemicals organized us , we give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there 's theories to begin to understand the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is that , at that time , I had floating around with all oil droplets with all sorts of chemicals inside the inside .
Some of those drops of oil was held a particular combination of chemicals that made them to bring materials out of the outside , and so the drops grew .
And they started split .
In a certain sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- those droplets of oil droplets .
But those droplets were not alive , in the current sense , because each of them contained a recipe of chemicals .
And every time you have divided into a unequal distribution of chemicals that was held .
So each drop was a little different .
In fact , the drops that somehow became better at bringing the chemicals around ; they grew more , <unk> more chemicals and split more .
Mostly they lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemical life , very simple , but things got interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction .
So , in some ways that we do n't understand them very well , they 've learned to store information .
They learned to save information , which was the recipe for cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , <unk> in this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , they have exactly the same code , that same system of writing .
In fact , every living being is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I made for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
Here I have 100 <unk> of white powder that I try to hide the security people in the airport .
But it contains -- I took this code -- The code has the common letters that we tend to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data in this excerpt of DNA , and I 'll put it 10 to 22 times .
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot to everybody here , in fact , for every person in the world and is here .
If it was a <unk> , I would have put it in a virus and would have spread it in the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells happy another billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things became very different , and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information to form that communities communities .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So for example , for example , antibiotic resistance evolved .
Some bacteria found the way of avoiding penicillin and <unk> to create their little DNA with other bacteria , and now there 's a lot of resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication took place to train communities that , in a way , they were put together in that , and a synergy set up .
In that way to live or failed together , whatever if a community was very successfully all the individuals of that community , they would take them more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the turning point occurred when these communities moved so much that , in fact , they came together and decided to write the whole recipe of the community together in a chain of DNA .
The next stage is interesting for life took another billion years .
And at that stage , we have multicellular communities , communities of many different types of cells working together as a single organism .
In fact , we are a multicellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does n't care without the heart , or the muscle cell , or the brain and so on .
So these communities evolved and evolved more interesting than the cell phone , something that we call an organism .
The next level it happened within these communities .
These began to <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that they did n't make more of the information in community .
These are the neural structures .
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built .
In fact , they started to specialize within the community being responsible for record , understanding and transmitting information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , not to the evolutionary period .
So an organism could , for example , learn to not eat some fruit because I knew bad and got sick the last time that ate it .
That could happen in the lifetime of an organism because they had been built these processing structures of information that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that fruit of fruit ate that fruit ate that piece of fruit ate that fruit ate .
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures accelerated greatly the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now be confined to an individual .
It could happen in time necessary to learn .
But then , of course , individuals discovered the trick of communication .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea of a vague idea , in your head .
I 'm sitting here emitting <unk> and lucky , building a similar idea , vague and fuzzy , in your heads that holds some analogy to mine .
But we took something very complicated to make it sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now allows us to start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started doing abstractions .
We now go through similar periods of similar to the multicellular organisms ; we 're going to embrace our methods of record , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
The telephony , the computer , the video tape , the CD-ROM and so on , are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information .
And that brings us together in something much bigger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen at microseconds .
You see the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which it produced some evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated the scales of time again .
The first stages of the story that would tell you took a billion years each .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
The next , and so on , they took less than a million years .
And the next , like the electronics , it seems to take just a few decades .
The process is feeds back -- I guess <unk> is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change .
The more changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of the curve .
We see that the process is fed .
But I make my life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that jobs could not be possible without the advances of recent computers .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design it in a conventional way .
I do n't know that every transistor on that connections machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with <unk> <unk> designers , we think about a level of abstraction , we put it on the machine and the machine with that does something that you did n't , it gets far further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes we use methods that we do n't even understand .
A particularly interesting method , which I 've been using lately , is evolution itself .
So we put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , you can run a hundred million of these random instructions ?
Could you run these random instructions , to run all those programs , and take those who else are going to get to what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to order numbers , to put a simple example .
So we found the programs that are closer to tidying up numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random sequence of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , luckily , he could find two numbers on the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task ?
They would take those and <unk> the rest .
And now I would argue the best that they 'd better ordered .
And let 's go back to <unk> a process of analog to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , which are <unk> children , which are <unk> <unk> , and that the children will be able to <unk> the properties of both .
So we got a new generation of product programs that had a little more successful .
And we say , `` Please , repeating the process . ''
It 's going to come back again .
We 're going to make some mutations .
And it tries to try again and get them back with another generation .
Well , each generation takes a few milliseconds .
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases in a few hours .
In the end , we ended up with programs that are absolutely perfect numbers .
In fact , they 're much more efficient than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
These are dark , strangers .
But he 's actually made it .
In fact , I know , I have the safety that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it .
In fact , their lives depended on that .
Once I was in a 747 with Marvin A , and he pulled out a card and he says , `` Look at this .
He says , `` Free airplane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> working together to offer a safe flight . ' Do n't make you feel quiet ? ''
We know that the engineering processes do n't work very well when they become complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes .
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering .
However , we do n't understand the whole choice .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
Now we use those programs to do much faster and so that we can run these programs much faster .
I mean , it 's fed .
The thing goes faster and faster and so I think it seems so <unk> .
Because all these technologies are fed up .
We 're taking off .
And we 're in an analog moment to the antibiotic organisms when they became multicellular .
We are the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant to think that we are the final product of evolution .
And I think we 're all part of the creation of whatever comes to .
But now it comes to lunch , and I think we 'll stop here before I get to me .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I spent time long enough to allow me to give up a part of my false prestige lot .
Before I treat the theme of my talk , let 's talk a little baseball .
Why not ?
We 're close to the end , the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
The baseball is full of surprising statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's because of the rules , it 's talking about the statistics and to use them to form a great baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know .
It 's called average <unk> .
And we 're talking about 300 , a <unk> of <unk> .
That means that the <unk> <unk> , three times 10 times .
That means throwing the ball to the field of play without being caught up , and that anybody who tries to throw it at the first base , not come to time , and the second base will be saved .
Three tries about 10 .
You know what they call a <unk> <unk> ?
Well , really good , maybe the stars of the stars .
You know how they call a <unk> <unk> ?
By the way , that 's somebody who 's 10 strokes , right ?
<unk> -- as the legendary Ted Williams , the last player 's League League <unk> <unk> <unk> on a regular season .
Now I 'm doing this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less awkward , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and they 're derivatives to a surgeon who has also a record of 400 in <unk> .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that they live at a place away , and a loved self has two arteries , and their family 's family is drifting into a cardiologist where record is 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's actually improving this year .
And your hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
So what do you think is to be the average hits of a cardiac surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon , a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
1,000 , very well .
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , from a doctor or a medical care .
What we do , however , is send them to the world , and I included , with the mandate of being perfect .
That never , will make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that I was looking at when I was in medical school .
I was a medical obsessional student .
Once , a partner in high school said that Brian Goldman Sachs to a blood test .
Like .
<unk> in my little <unk> , the nurses of nurses at General Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned all of the memory .
From my own anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , the branching from every artery that comes out of the aorta , the frequent differential diagnosis and the usual .
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to rank the kidney <unk> kidney .
And as much more and more knowledge and more knowledge .
And I was very good at me ; I graduated with a word .
And <unk> from the medical school with the impression that if you were all , then I would know everything , or the most possible , close to everything , because I 'm getting rid of the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met Mrs. <unk> .
I was resident in a college hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought the lady back to the emergency service .
At that time I was given me into cardiology .
And when you emergency room requested a cardiologist to attend to that patient .
And to inform the chief of residents .
When I saw Mrs. <unk> , I was terrified .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound in both sides , which gave me a heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes to the lungs , the blood is blood , and that 's why there 's difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did , and I started working on the treatment that I would give him .
I gave aspirin and medication to relieve the pressure in his heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that it could eliminate liquid .
And in one hour or two , she began to feel better .
And I felt very well .
And that was when I made the first mistake ; he sent her home .
Actually , I made two mistakes more errors .
He sent her home without the head of residents .
I did n't get up the phone , and I did what I should have done , which was I call my boss and I would get her with him to look .
And if my boss would have seen it , I could have been able to bring adaptive information .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident that was going to be <unk> .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even contact with my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
He sent it to his house , did n't recognize a voice on my inside that I was saying , `` Goldman , not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure that I even asked the nurse who was taking care of the lady , `` Do you think it 's fine if you go to your house ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said , `` Yes , I think it 's okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed up , and the ambulance with the ambulance took her home .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in your stomach .
But I kept my job .
At the end of the day , I packed up to leave the hospital and walked to the parking lot where my car was to go home , and I did something that I do n't normally do .
He went through the emergency service service .
And there 's another nurse , not that I was taking care of the lady <unk> before , but another one . I told me three words , those three words that are afraid of emergency doctors .
Other specialists also fear it as well , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and it 's that we see the patients coming in .
The three words are : Does it remember ?
`` Does it remember the patient who sent his house ? ''
And I asked the other nurse with absolutely <unk> .
`` Well , she went back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was fine .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
About an hour of having come to his house , after I gave him the high , he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 , and the ambulance brought the emergency room with a <unk> blood pressure , which means a severe shock .
I barely breathed and was blue .
emergency staff would go all their resources .
They gave medication to raise your blood pressure .
And they put a ventilator .
I was shocked and <unk> to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings because then the <unk> was in intensive care therapy , and I hoped against all hope he would recover .
And in the two or three days after the next two or three days , it was clear that you never had .
He had an irreversible brain damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , they would get closer to what was happening .
And in ninth day , he left her going . The lady <unk> , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names of those dying .
That was my first experience .
The next couple of weeks , I was struck by that , and I experienced the unhealthy <unk> that exists in our medical culture , and I felt alone , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame , because you ca n't get rid of your colleagues .
You make peace and never make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I 'm talking about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't my boss ; he was a charm .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure we 'd get things to do , and they made sure that I did n't care .
And I kept asking these questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why did he send her home ?
And at my worst times , why made a mistake so dumb ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Little to that feeling was <unk> .
And I started to feel better .
And in one day cloudy , the sky opened up the sky , and finally the sun was , and I wondered if I would feel better again .
And I did a deal with myself in which if we were to <unk> the efforts to be perfect for not to make any more mistakes , I would go to those voices .
And it was .
I went back to work .
But it came to happen .
Two years later , I was an assistant in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto , and I got a 25 year-old man with a chest pain .
I was very busy and in a hurry .
And he pointed out here .
I watched her throat , I saw her throat .
He sent him penicillin and sent him home .
But while he ran to the door , he kept pointing .
Two days later , when I came to do my guard shift , my boss asked talking to me as a while in his office .
And I made the three words : Does it remember ?
Do you remember the patient who saw by the throat ?
Well he went back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
He had a potentially fatal condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not the throat , but the top air goes , and that it can cause the end of those pathways .
He , fortunately , did n't die .
And he managed to have been managed by <unk> and recovered in the few days .
And I went through the same shame period and <unk> , and then I went back and went back to work , until it happened over and over again , and again .
Twice in the same turn of emergency room , not <unk> appendicitis .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because they 're going to get to 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home , and I do n't think that 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought that I had kidney calculation .
It was an X-ray of kidneys , but it was normal . A colleague who was checking the patient into a certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant , and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
And I would give my liquid order for <unk> , and I asked my colleague to take it .
I looked at it , and when I noticed some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant , I called the surgeon .
They were both operated and they recovered well .
But every case , I devoured , I devoured .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst errors in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most significant ones have been over the last five years .
Just , ashamed and without support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't release you and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I show you this so that they do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I would come into a place like this , I would n't have any idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party you 'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you wo n't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital had the wrong leg , believe me that I would have difficulty looking at the eye .
This is the system we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system where there are two positions : those who make mistakes and those who do n't -- those who ca n't sleep , and those who do n't get the results , and those who have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , like antibodies that begin to attack that person .
So we have the idea that if we do stop medicine to people who make mistakes , we 'll get a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years , about diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a personal study of bad medical litigation and medical errors to learn as possible , from the first article I wrote for the Star Toronto , and I wrote to my program : `` White <unk> , Black '' <unk> .
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We worked in a system where the errors are happening every day , where one in 10 medications in the hospital are wrong , or <unk> is not right . In a system where respiratory infections are increasingly more and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 24,000 Canadians by preventable medical mistakes .
The American Medical Institute established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not <unk> the problem as we should .
And that 's how things are .
A hospitable system where knowledge is blown up every two or three years , and we do n't care about them .
That 's deprivation sleep deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , it comes with <unk> eyes and breath out to alcohol , and all of a sudden , my story was <unk> in contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always .
And my patients are not cars . They do n't get their symptoms always in the same way .
For all of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we took the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all of the professionals who are wrong , well , you 're not going to stay .
And about that people do n't want to talk about their biggest cases ?
In my program , `` white <unk> , black art '' -- it 's already a custom to say , `` This is my worst mistake , '' I would tell you all , from the ambulance to the heart of heart surgery , `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah , blah , blah -- `` What are your mistakes ? '' And let 's get the
And his students were <unk> , <unk> , to go down the head and <unk> saliva and start to tell their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
<unk> power to say , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The doctor redefined is human , you know human , they accept it , and they did n't face their mistakes , but he tries to learn what 's happened to teach others .
Share their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
It scans the mistakes of other people not with the intention of getting them to catch them , but a loving and support way for everybody to benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes at time .
My name is Brian Goldman .
I 'm a doctor redefined .
I 'm a human , make mistakes .
And I 'm very sorry , but I 'm trying to learn something that I can convey to others .
I do n't know what they think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me close with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we took one day ?
Do you know how much we choose in a week ?
I did a survey recently , and I did a survey over 2,000 people , and the average amount of election that says to pick a average American , are about 70 to day .
Not a lot , in research followed for one week to a group of business presidents .
The researchers recorded the different tasks of these CEOs , and the time they were able to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> work for week .
Naturally , every job included lots of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required one hour or more of their time .
Now think about your choices .
You know how many belong to the <unk> category , and how many of the hour ?
How do I grade the way they handle those decisions ?
I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choice to the overload of choices .
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'll ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand only if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive please take a flame .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear the problem of the overload of options ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , I went through this very , very high supermarket , at least in that time was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different types of mustard and vegetables and about 25 of bottled water , and this was when we took water from the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but I asked myself , why never buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had over 75 different classes , including the ones that were in the sealed box that came from the millennials .
Once I decided to visit the manager , and I asked him , `` Does this strategy of offering all these options ? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that would come every day , usually with their cameras .
So we decided to make a little experiment with <unk> . This is the one .
hallway .
They had <unk> different classes .
They put a post for <unk> , right to the grocery store .
We put out of six flavors of six flavors , or 24 different flavors , and we looked at two things : First , what case people were willing to stop trying to try and try to test the jam ?
More people stopped when there was 24 , 60 percent , that when there was only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a jam mug .
So here we find the opposite effect .
Of those who stopped when there was 24 , only three percent got to buy jam .
When I stood up when I was six , we saw that 30 percent bought jam .
If we do the calculations , people were six times more likely to buy jam if they found six , that if they found 24 .
Well , we will decide that we do n't buy performances , we probably want to do it , you know , less is good to conserve <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of the overload of choices is affecting us in very momentous decisions .
We decided to do n't decide , even though we do n't .
Now the theme of the day : the financial savings .
I 'm going to describe a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we observe decisions about savings for retirement about a million Americans , from about 650 plans from this country .
We were interested in seeing whether the number of available funds were available in retirement savings plans , 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we discovered that there was a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that were going from two , up to 59 options .
We found that the bigger the number of funding was , there were less participation .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that offer two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as tall as I 'd like .
And in the plans that were offered about 60 funds , the rate of participation fell into the '60s .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there 's more choices , even in that case , there are negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the greater the number of choices , the more people will be empowered by avoiding the actions or the investment funds .
As soon as we had more options , they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts .
But none of these are extreme decisions are the ones that we would argue to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three main negative consequences by providing more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is that we make the decision , which is the <unk> even when it goes against self-interest .
It 's more likely to make the worst decisions , in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick up more satisfying things , even though they instantly go better .
Now , the main reason is that we would be able to look at that array of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jam , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast , and choose from that impressive display .
I want to ask you four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different research , so you can test for their businesses .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've already heard it before , but it 's never been more true than today , which is less .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in <unk> .
But actually what we 're looking at more and more is that if you choose to cut , get rid of , get rid of strange redundant options , there will be an increase in sales , <unk> costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble weighs about 26 different types of Head & <unk> 15 , you saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Cat Golden Bank , I eliminated the products for cats of cats who were less sold , and they increased the profit as 87 percent , for two causes : greater sales and lower costs .
You know that today 's supermarkets , on average , they provide 45,000 products .
In a grocery store , it 's offered about 100,000 products .
But the ninth largest store in the world today is <unk> , and it offers only <unk> products -- a kind of tomato sauce .
In the world of financial savings , I think one of the best examples that have arisen on how to handle better choices is the tale of David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All the employees at Harvard are automatically understood to a security fund .
The people who really want to pick , they 're offering 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important choices . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees , `` Tell me the differences that there are among those options .
And if your employees ca n't tell the difference , you ca n't make their clients . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I talked to Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience on vacation with all paid paid paid for the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read and then I want them to give you a round of applause if you 're ready to take the offer of Gary .
( A few applause ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept the supply .
Are n't it ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I actually heard more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information on the first round , which in the second one , but I can tell you that the second time was more real .
Because the images were making it more real .
This brings me to the second technique to deal with the overload of choices overload , which is <unk> .
For people to understand the differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of every choice , and the consequences must feel very differently , very concrete .
Why is people spending 15 to 30 percent more on average when it 's using debit cards or credit cards that when you use cash ?
Because it does n't seem real money .
It turns out that making it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> who were working on <unk> . These people were in a meeting where they were being used to a 401 plan .
And that meeting , which we 'd just articulate exactly as a used , we made a little addition .
What we added was we added to the staff that you would think about the positive things that we 're going to get in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in 20 and an increase in how much they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings account , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than options .
For example , this is a study we did in a hallway hall .
We saw that in the <unk> <unk> 's along the northeast corridor , the magazine exhibition can contain from <unk> different types to <unk> .
But , you know ?
Because the classification tells me how to tell it .
These are two exhibitions of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , you 'll take a flame .
( A few applause ) Well , there are some .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , you 'll take a flame .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> . But , you know something ?
This rating scheme is completely useless .
The categories must indicate something to you choose , not that defines them .
You often see this problem with those huge lists of funding .
Now supposedly , who are being informing ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think about , if we just tweak it a little bit .
We have to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's see a complicated decision ; the purchase of a car .
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allow you to complete <unk> .
You have to make 60 decisions , to build your car .
And these decisions vary in the number of options that offers each one .
Color outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
Motor Motor , changes of change , four choices .
What I 'm going to do is change the order in which the decisions come up .
So half of the clients are going to go from many options , 56 colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of the clients are going to go from few choices , four boxes , to 56 colors , lots of choices .
And what am I going to look ?
How much are you .
If you go to the default button in any decision , it indicates that you 're overwhelmed , or it 's : we 're losing them .
We found that those who are going from many choices to a few , put the default button over and over again , and another .
We lose them .
If you go from a few choices to many , they continue there .
The same information , the same number of choices .
The only thing I did was disrupt the order that the information is presented .
If we start with the easy , you learn to pick .
Although we pick the box of changes does n't say anything about the preferences of interior decoration , in all ways we 're ready to choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that we now have more engaged with the process .
So to summarize .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of choices : <unk> , eliminating strange alternatives -- <unk> , to make it real ; we can handle more categories with less choices ; we can handle complexity .
All these techniques that I 've been presented with were designed to help manage the alternatives , or better for you , to use them in your business , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to the best of a choice is being careful by picking .
And the more careful we are in our choices better , we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in the East communist Germany , if you had a typewriter , I had to face the government .
You had to register a <unk> piece of text with the machine .
And this is why the government could track the origin of texts .
If they found the wrong message with the wrong message , you could track the fingerprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't figure out that somebody could do this , how much that <unk> freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser laser printer in any big manufacturer , it prints out a page , that page will end up with a few little yellow yellow dots on every page that follow a pattern that makes them own one and your printer .
That 's happening today .
And no one seems to be a lot about this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of the three major causes of problems in the network .
If we look at what 's happening in the online world , we can put the attacks on their bombers .
There are three main groups .
There are cybercriminals .
Like Mr. Had <unk> from the city of Kiev in Ukraine .
The top of the cybercriminals is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to earn a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are really many kinds of millionaires online , billionaires , which would make money with their attacks .
This is Khaled <unk> , from <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred <unk> .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> and so on and so forth .
These guys do their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal means using banking trojans to steal money from our accounts when we buy online , or steal our key to getting information from our cards when we buy them in an infected computer .
The U.S. secret service , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this gentleman , Sam Jain , and this bill had <unk> millions of dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain is on top ; they do n't know their stop .
And I say that today is more likely than any of us being the victim of a cybercriminal than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is wrong with worse .
In the future , most of the crimes are going online .
The second group of advertising that we observe today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that moves , the protests , they tell them the protests , they motivate them to tell the opinions .
<unk> like Anonymous have <unk> in the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in the online attacks .
Those are the three main skins : criminals who do it for money , <unk> like Anonymous they do to protest and the last group are the national governments that attack .
And then we see cases like the <unk> .
That 's a good example of a government attack against their own citizens .
<unk> is an experimental harassment authority , or actually it was .
<unk> the last fall because of a <unk> .
You would stop the safety of the site , and they took a <unk> .
Last week , I asked him , in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives , I asked one of the leaders if they could find the death of people because of the attack for <unk> .
And the answer of him was yes .
So how do people die because of an attack of these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certificates .
Why do the certificates serve ?
Well , you need to do that if you have a website with <unk> , services , <unk> services , services like Gmail .
Except that we 've got a foreign foreign authority .
And that <unk> <unk> .
And in the case of <unk> , it happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters looted the headquarters for the secret police police in April , 2011 , and during the formation of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And inside that folder , there were notes from a company based in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept large scale the communications of the citizens of the country .
They had sold this tool for a 3,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
I mean , Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , I found <unk> <unk> -- a <unk> used by official government officers to investigate their own citizens .
If you are suspicious in a criminal case , well , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today , it goes beyond .
It <unk> the Internet connection .
We used even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen to online discussions , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like this the obvious answer should be , `` Well , it looks bad , but it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's playing privacy .
Privacy is no dispute .
It 's not a question of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any right that we 're going to have today , to be forever .
Do you blind in any future government , in an administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years .
This is where I live . I live in Kenya , in the South Side of Nairobi .
These are the cows of my dad , in the background , and behind the cows , the National Park of Nairobi .
The National Park in Nairobi does n't have fences in most of South , which means that wild animals like zebras , migrate out of the park .
And predators , like lions , like lions , and this is what they do .
We embraced our livestock .
This is one of the ones that killed the night , and as soon as we wake up in the morning , and we found it dead , I felt very bad because it was the only driver we had .
My community , the <unk> , we believe that we came from the sky with our animals and all the land for <unk> , and therefore we value them so much .
So I grew up to hate lions a lot .
They died these are warriors that protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of six lions they killed in Nairobi .
I think there 's so few in Nairobi Park .
A child in my community , from six to nine , is responsible for the cattle of his father and this was the same thing that happened to me .
So I had to find a way to fix this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought lions were scared .
But I realized that actually did n't help , because even helped the lions see the pen from far away .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
I was trying to trick the lions so they believed that he was close to the pen .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day , and they saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they went back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . And so he jumped and killed .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day lions did n't come .
I found that lions are afraid of light moving .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch on which it turned on and off the lights .
And this is a little lamp from a broken flashlight .
<unk> everything .
As you can see , the solar cell load the battery and the battery would bring the electricity into the small box box , and I call it a transformative .
And the <unk> box makes the lighting lights .
As you can see , the <unk> give out , because that 's where lions come from .
And this is how lions see when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> lions to think I 'm walking through the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never had trouble with lions .
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea .
One of them is from this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals , and the lions were killed , and I wondered if I could put the lights .
I said yes .
I put them up . You can see the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've put them up in seven houses in my community , and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea is also used by all Kenya , to scare other predators like hyenas , leopards , and it 's also being used to make elephants out of farms .
Thank you to this invention , I was fortunate enough to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school now is helping to raise funds and <unk> .
And I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that do n't have them , and I teach them how to put them up .
So , one year ago , I was just a child in the meadows of the savanna , <unk> my father 's cows , and I used to see airplanes , and I was saying that someday I would be inside one .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come on an airplane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to be an engineer of aviation and pilot when I grow .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my language means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't imagine how exciting you 're listening to a story like you .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do an electrical fence . CA : One close to power ?
<unk> : I know that they were invented electric fences , but I want to do mine .
CA : You know , I 'll get it once , right ? And you -- <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : At the cannon , Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
We 're going to <unk> in every step you give , my friend .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
I thought my country was the best on the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` <unk> <unk> . ''
And I was very proud to me .
At school , we spent all the time studying the story of Kim <unk> , but we never learned much about the rest of the world , except that America , South Korea , Japan are the enemies .
Though I was wondering about the rest of the world , I thought I would go all my life in North Korea , until everything changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor , and I myself had never gone hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
That he said , `` When I got this , five members of the family will stop in this world , because we have n't eaten it in the last two weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , we 're ready to die . ''
He was very altered .
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country .
As long as I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't delete my memory .
A woman without life was dead in the street , holding a child in his arms looking at his mother 's face without being able to do anything .
Nobody helped them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine flew to North Korea in North Korea .
At the end , over a million North Koreans died during famine , and only few survived eating grass , insects and tree cortex .
They also became more and more prevalent the energy cutting , all around me was completely dark at night except for the lights of the sea in China , and I would barely cross the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and we do n't .
This is a satellite photograph from North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which serves from North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow into certain points , allowing North North Koreans .
But many die .
Sometimes I saw bodies floating around the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I went from North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was difficult to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life would be like refugee .
But I soon learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but also dangerous , because North North refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare became true , when I was arrested by the Chinese police and I was arrested in the police station .
Somebody had accused me for being <unk> , then I 'd put my skills in the Chinese language , and they asked me a lot of questions .
He was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and said the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , one official told another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassy .
But many people can be arrested by Chinese police and <unk> .
These women were very lucky .
Although they had caught them , they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure .
These North Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless North Koreans are caught in China and North Korea , where they are tortured , incarcerated or executed in public .
Though I was lucky to escape , many other North Koreans have not been so lucky .
It 's tragic North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
Even after learning a new language and finding work , everybody can make it in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years to hide my identity , I decided to risk going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a huge gap between North and South .
We 're all Koreans , but inside , we 've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide .
Even I went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call my pride of mine .
Although I went to South Korea in South Korea , it was n't easy , I did a plan . I started to study for the University of income .
Just when I was starting to <unk> my new life , I got an alarming call .
North Korea authorities <unk> some money that sent my family , and , as punishment , my family was going to be shifted to force to a location outside .
They had to flee away immediately .
So I began to plan how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So ironically , I took one flight to China and went to the border with North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them , in some ways , for over 3,000 kilometers through China and then across Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were almost caught several times .
Once , our bus was arrested and tackled by a Chinese police officer .
He was asking for everybody , and he started asking questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese official came to my family , I really stood up and told me that they were <unk> people who were accompanying .
I looked at me , but luckily I thought to me .
We did the whole path to the border of Laos .
But I had to spend most of my money to bribe the border guards in Laos .
But even after going through the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated for crossing the border of .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But at the time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of Laos .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did everything to release my family , and we were so close to my family , but my family was <unk> in prison at a distance from the South Korean embassy .
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to liberate my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that time , or a voice of a man , I wonder , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would mind asking .
With my poor English and a dictionary , I explained the situation , and no doubt , the man was the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for two two North Koreans and getting them out of prison .
I thank you all my heart , and I asked him , `` Why do I help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping . '' He said .
`` I 'm helping the village <unk> . ''
I realized that this was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind of unknown <unk> <unk> a new hope for me and for the <unk> people when we needed it .
And I showed that the goodness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our family , my family and I got together in South Korea .
But getting their freedom is only half of the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they 're going to give them a new country , they start with little or nothing .
So we can benefit from the international community with education , practice of the English language , practice , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people within North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us continue with family contact , and we send information and money that 's helping to change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and North North North Koreans , including the stage at TED .
Thank you .
I live in the South Center .
This is South Center : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> terrain .
So the city planners came together and they thought , we 're going to change the name of the South Center to represent something else , so they changed to the South Los Angeles , as if this is really wrong with the city .
This is the South Angeles , <unk> <unk> , fast food , <unk> terrain .
Just like <unk> million other Americans live in a food desert , L.A. Center , home from the food places to take and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that the places of food to take kill more people than food in the car .
People are dying of treatable diseases in Los Angeles South Center .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times bigger than , let 's say , Beverly Hills , which is about 15 miles away .
I emphasize that this happens .
And I wonder , how would you feel like if they do n't have access to healthy food , and if every time they come from home , you see the bad effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood ?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as used cars .
I see dialysis dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I think this should stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
The food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
I 'm also tired of driving 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that has no pesticides .
What I did , it was planting a food forest in front of my house .
In a strip of land we call a gardening .
It 's 45 feet by three feet .
The point is , that belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what me come in wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
So that 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and me , L.A. Green <unk> , we put them together and we started planting our food forest , trees <unk> , you know , the nine complete vegetables .
What we do , we are a kind of paid group of paid for gardeners of all the backgrounds , all the city and completely volunteer , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , I was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city got to me and in short , they gave me a <unk> saying that I had to take off my garden , the <unk> made court order .
And I said , `` Come on , really ?
One warrant for planting food on a piece of land that nobody cares ? '' So I was like , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time I was n't going to happen .
L.A. Times had a story written by Steve <unk> , and I talked to the <unk> and one of the Green Green members , who put a petition in <unk> , with 900 signatures , we were successful .
We had victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say that <unk> and loved what we were doing .
I mean , we go , why not ?
L.A. is the city of America with more <unk> terrain .
It 's 68 miles of <unk> terrain .
That equals 20 Central Central .
That 's space enough to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why the hell do n't you look like this ?
We 'll take a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars a result .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , preferably your own food .
<unk> your own food is like printing your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Center .
I grew up there . Let my kids in there .
I became part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me for others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I farm my art .
As an artist of graffiti , that <unk> walls , I <unk> soils , <unk> soils .
I use the garden , the land , like a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the land can do , if you let it be his canvas .
You simply ca n't imagine how amazing it is , and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I witnessed how my garden became an education tool , a transformation of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the earth .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see the kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and provocative act that they can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , who came up with a mother and her daughter , were like the wrath of the night and they were in my garden , salt and looked very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is in the street for a reason .
I felt embarrassed to see people who was so close to me with hunger , and this just reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , not temes that people go to steal your food ? ''
So I say , `` Oh my God , I 'm not afraid they 're going to steal . ''
That 's what it 's in the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but at your time , I want you to raise your health . ''
There was another time I put a garden in a <unk> shelter in the center of Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , he shared their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant her mom and her grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so it was just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like about 50 people who come from , work and participate , all in voluntary plan .
If the kids are growing <unk> , the kids eat <unk> .
If you 're growing tomatoes , you 'll eat tomatoes , but if none of it is taught , if you do n't teach them how food affects your mind and body , they eat blind what they put them in front .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing in which you 're stuck . I see kids of color that are in this way that are designed for them , which does n't take them anywhere .
With the gardening , I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are getting rid of their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe the next George Washington <unk> <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of the land , we will never .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a piece of gardens block , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy <unk> .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because free is not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is to try to work to people , take the kids out of the street , who know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening markets markets .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want everybody to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what a <unk> is .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
That would take their bookshelves to take their bookshelves ?
That 's your weapon of choice .
In sum , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , I do n't call me if you want to sit in the comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some crap -- to talk about doing some crap .
If you want to see me , come into the garden with your backhoe so we could plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( Sound noise ) You probably all agree with me in that this is a very nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially in days , in which it 's very much .
You can have a lot of water on asphalt that comes up .
And especially if you 're going to set up on your bicycle and these cars pass , that 's not very nice .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like the Netherlands , very close to cities , we would want a silent road .
The solution for that is to make roads from asphalt .
The porous asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands , has pores , and the water can move through it , so that all rainwater will flow up sideways and have a road that 's easy to drive , and you have no water ever .
Noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has a disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it .
What is it getting rid of ? You see that on this road , the stones on the surface come out .
First of a stone , then several more and more and so forth , and then -- well , I wo n't do that . But they can hurt your windshield , and you wo n't be happy with that .
And finally , this can also lead to more and more damage .
Sometimes they can create bump with that .
Oh , it 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
Here you can actually see the damage of this material .
It 's an porous asphalt , as I said , so it only has a little bit of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the open , the light light , to iron , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if they <unk> , they 're going to break down and separate from <unk> .
So if you drive out the road , you will take the <unk> -- as we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think about <unk> materials .
If we can make this material <unk> , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean up , and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks , and we can mix those little bits with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little bits of steel wool on it .
Then you need a machine , like what you see here , that you 're using cooking -- a induction machine .
The induction can heat up , especially steel , it 's very good at that .
So what you 've got to do is <unk> steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> will flow through these <unk> and rocks get back to the surface .
Today I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the big leap machine here onstage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put this sample , I 'm now going to take out what happened .
This is the show that comes out right now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We tried a bunch of samples there and then the government , you really saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We need to try . ''
So we donated a piece of road , 400 feet on the <unk> highway , where we had to make a lane lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test , and then , of course , this road will last several years without any harm . That 's what we know from practice .
We took a lot of samples from this road , and we tested them in the lab .
So we made the samples to us , we put a lot of charge on them , the odds then put them up with our induction machine and the fixed band , and we put them back to test .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can say that we 've done a material using fibers of steel , incorporating these fibers , using power energy , to actually increase the life of the road , can even double the life of the road , and they can even double a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , they 're curious about whether this also worked .
We still have the show here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it 's got to cool first before I can show you how repairability does .
But I 'm going to make an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 , I remember having woken up a morning with the sound of the <unk> in my house .
My father was listening to BBC News on his little gray radio .
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times , because the news is usually <unk> .
`` The Taliban stayed ! ''
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now , you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban got rid of Afghanistan and made it illegal that girls were to school .
For the next five years , I was <unk> as a child to <unk> my older sister , who could no longer be outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could educate ourselves .
Every day , we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were going .
We had to hide books in market bags so that we 're shopping .
The school was in a house , over 100 of us stuffed in a small room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we would make our lives , the teacher , the students and our parents .
At the time , school suddenly broke up a week , because the oppressed Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew about .
Were they following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but still , school was where we wanted to be .
I was fortunate to grow in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters a treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total quarter of a remote province of Afghanistan , <unk> in that his daughter , my mother , went to school , and so his father would be <unk> .
But my educated mother became a master .
This is her .
He retired two years ago , just to convert our house into school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is , was the first of his family to get education .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a major risk not to educate her children .
During the years of the Taliban , I remember that there were moments when I was very frustrated for our lives , and I was always scared and did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . They can force you to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So , do you want not to continue ? ''
I 'm 22 years old .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of the women of my age have more than high school , and if my family would have been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself proud of college at <unk> College .
When I returned to Afghanistan , my grandfather , the one who was thrown out of his home for the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first to congratulate me .
He 's not just my graduate degree of my college degree , but I also was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , who took him on the streets of Kabul .
My family thinks about me .
I dream big , but my family has even more big dreams .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador of <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
That 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first one , and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country in which it 's still risky for girls to go to school .
What 's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to take a chance .
And I see her parents and their families than mine , <unk> for them , despite the face of a daunting opposition .
As Ahmed . It 's not his true name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter went on the way from <unk> up to her village , and literally , they got out of being killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When you get to your house , they 're the phone , a voice , they 'd pick it up if he kept her daughter to school , they would help him .
`` <unk> already , if you want , '' he said , `` But it does n't harm the future of my daughter for your old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've realized from Afghanistan , and it 's something that is often forgotten in the West , is that behind the majority of whom we <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter , and he sees that success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , they 're often the first compelling challenge of the brilliant future of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school is told in hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan is so different from here in the United States .
I find that the Americans see the fragility of changes .
I 'm afraid these changes do n't last very long , after retirement .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at the students in my school and their parents who are wandering around for them , I see a <unk> future and a lasting change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and endless possibilities , and every day , girls ' girls remember me .
Like me , they dream of big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resist the Gaddafi , '' <unk> against him .
But you never have a revolutionary style of Gaddafi . ''
They 've spent almost two years since the <unk> revolution broke out by massive <unk> surge so much of the Tunisian Egyptian revolution .
A forces with many other citizens <unk> , within and outside of the country to call a day of anger and initiate a revolution against the original regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a great revolution .
Women and young men <unk> were at the forefront , pushing the Fall of the regime , carrying banners of freedom , dignity and social justice .
You 've shown a copy bravery by the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They have shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a six months of six months of a brutal war and a few losses from about 50,000 people , we managed to liberate our country and remove the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy charge , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and sickness of disruption .
For four decades , the original regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of society 's society .
Realizing of the devastation and the challenges , I loved , together with many other women , rebuild the civil society society , pushing a inclusive transition to democracy and national reconciliation .
There were about 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya , and with one unique enthusiasm , I started organizing workshops about development development , and leadership skills .
With an amazing group of women , we started the Sheet of Women 's <unk> <unk> , a movement of women , a movement of women , of very diverse guidance , to advocate for the <unk> range of women and for our right of involvement in the building of democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period , an environment that was getting more and more <unk> , which are <unk> from selfish domination of domination and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of Congress in the first elections in 52 years .
However , little to the exhilaration , the exhilaration of elections and the revolution like a whole , they were disappearing ; every day we found news news .
One day , we woke up with the news of the <unk> of old mosques and Sufi graves .
And another day , <unk> with the news of the American ambassador , and the attack on <unk> .
Another day , we woke up the news of the murder of the military officers .
And every day , each day , we woke up with the government of the militia and its finger violations of human rights from prisoners and their lack of respect .
Our society , made by a revolutionary mindset , became more and away from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , that we had at first .
intolerance , exclusion , and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here today at all to inspire us with our story of the <unk> list and the choices .
Instead , I 'm here today to confess that we , as a nation , we chose the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize .
Because elections did n't brought peace , stability and safety to Libya .
The <unk> list and <unk> between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion , both by men like women ?
Perhaps what was missing was n't just women , but the female values of compassion , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue and creating consensus more than the election that I needed , which is only polarization and division .
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of women else that needs the numerical and quantitative representation of it .
We need to stop acting as a outrage of outrage and call it a day of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We have to develop a female speech , which is not just <unk> , but also puts it up for mercy instead of revenge , collaboration instead of competition , inclusion instead of exclusion .
These are the ideals that a Libya , shattered by the war , desperately needs to achieve peace .
Because peace has a alchemy which is about <unk> and <unk> between female perspectives and male faces .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to set out that in an existential way before we do it in a way .
According to a <unk> of the Koran `` <unk> '' -- peace -- `` is the word of God merciful , [ unclear ] .
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- a uterus -- and the feminine and motherly , which spans the humanity and women and women , that all the tribes and all of the people and all the people have prescribed .
And so , just like the uterus completely covers the embryo , it grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion is affecting all the existence .
And so we 're told , `` My mercy is all the things . ''
And so we 're told , `` My mercy is prevalent about my anger . ''
That 's all about the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has an equally unsettling response .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is the ones that everybody does . Why is it left ?
Why would anybody get to stay with a man who beat her ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , not an expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I 'd just laid down at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York City by my first job as a writer and editor at <unk> .
I had my first apartment , my first green <unk> green <unk> , and I had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , that I was creating my twin soul , kept my head with a gun , charged with <unk> bullets .
The man , who loved one in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` lunatic Love , '' a psychological trap , in love of love , where every year million women fall , and even some men .
It could even be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> in English at Harvard University and I have an MBA at the <unk> of Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for companies , `` Fortune 500 '' list between them Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been doing nearly 20 years with my second husband and we have three children .
My dog is a black <unk> and I drive a <unk> <unk> .
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody , every races , all the religions , all the income levels and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships , interdependent and long duration or , said , otherwise , in the families , the last place where we would want or expect to find violence , the last place to be so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who beat her , and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , the women in between 16 and 24 years are three times as likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages , and over 500 women and girls from that age are killed every year by couples , dating and abusive husbands in the United States .
I was also a typical victim , because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , their warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> on a cold and November night of January .
I was sitting next to my side in New York City , and he started <unk> me .
He told me two things .
The first was that he also had just had a college League university and working on a very important bank of Wall Street .
But the most impressed what struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun , and that looked like a dead guy .
I had big <unk> , like apples , and a wheat hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that made <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate .
He did it about everything at the beginning of a pedestal .
We started out and loved everything from me : that I had gone to Harvard , that I 'd put passion to help teenage girls , and my job .
I wanted to know all about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as nobody had ever done .
And it was so much of that <unk> school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance to him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was I went from New York and leaving my dreams work , but I thought that I had to make your partner sacrifices , so I accepted , I quit my job and <unk> and I went together from Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling into a `` crazy Love '' -- that I was entering the head at a physical , and financial trap , carefully ready .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts .
And here 's where those guns come in .
As soon as we move to New England , you know , that site where they 're supposed to be feeling so safe bought three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another kept below the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said that I needed those guns because of the trauma that he lived from small .
I needed them to feel secure .
But those guns were actually a message for me and , although I had never lifted me my hand , my life was already serious , every minute of every day .
The first physical raid of <unk> happened five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put my girlfriend 's girlfriend 's dress and I got married with him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we lived happy forever , because I loved him , and he also wanted me a lot .
And I was very , very hopeful .
There was simply been very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact that I had a family with me .
It had been an isolated crash and I 'd never hurt me .
I spent twice as much as our honey moon .
The first time I was driving to a secret beach , and I lost , and he gave me so strong in the head that <unk> various times a car window .
And then a couple of days later , driving back from our honey moon , went through the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face .
<unk> followed by one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was amazed when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life , and the Center for Disease Control is reported that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
Now , back to my question : Why did I left ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know that he was using me .
Instead , I was a very strong woman , love in love with a deeply <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world that could help us face their demons .
The other question that everybody does is , why do n't you just stand ?
Why did n't I left ? I could have been at any time .
For me , this is the saddest and painful question that people do , because we , the victims , we know something that normally you ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is kill her .
More than 70 percent of domestic violence cases happen after the victim has put the relationship , after getting out , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other repercussions include the permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has gone back to marry , <unk> of financial resources , and manipulation of the family court system to <unk> the victim and their children , who are usually forced by judges to spend time with the man who declined to their mother .
And yet we continue to ask why is it just not going ?
I was able to leave , because of one last beat beat my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , would have killed me if he had allowed him to .
So I broke the silence .
I told everyone about the world : the police , my neighbors and my friends and family full of strangers , and I 'm here today because all of you helped me .
We tend to <unk> victims as scary headlines , <unk> women , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say `` guilt is yours for staying '' , as if the victims were <unk> intentionally in men who want to destroy them .
But since I posted `` Dear <unk> , '' I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , who learned a lesson interacting from what happened to them and that <unk> their lives joyful lives like staff , wives and mothers , completely free of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a survivor of domestic domestic violence .
I became marrying a kind of cute and kind , and we have those three kids .
I have that black <unk> and also that <unk> .
What I wo n't go back to ever have ever been , ever , is a charged gun pointing to my head in somebody who says he wants to .
Right now , you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , what dumb it was , '' but all this time I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you that there are a few people , and I assure you that you 're hearing me right now , that they 're being battered , and they were being abused , or they 're <unk> themselves .
<unk> could be affecting their daughter , their sister , their best friend right now .
I was able to put my crazy love nuts breaking silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request for you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
The abuse <unk> only in silence .
They have the power to leave the domestic violence simply shedding light on it .
The victims need everybody .
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of light talking about it with their kids , their coworkers , their friends and family .
<unk> their vision of survivors as fantastic and fantastic people who have a full future .
<unk> the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down their climb , and show the victims a safe exit .
Together we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be .
Thank you .
Hello . My name is Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be accurate , for 10 years .
And I feel that right now , there 's an awkward tension in the room , because I should n't have dressed in this way . Luckily , I brought her clothes .
This is the first drug shift on a TED stage , so you have a lot of luck from <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I came up , they do n't have to stand right now , but I 'll find out later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is going to happen by the head , because it 's when they 're going to laugh at me , so do n't do anything while I cover your head .
All right .
Why have I done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also <unk> .
I 've changed what I thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer told me to hang on my back and that <unk> the baby 's hair .
Of course , except with surgery or an artificial tan , like the one that I made two days ago for work , there 's very little we can do to transform our aspect , which , although <unk> and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , being brave means being honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice and white woman , and in my work sector , that 's a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but actually , honestly .
The first question is , how do you get a model ?
And I always say , `` An <unk> discovered me , '' but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I made a model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the benefit of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this inheritance is .
Well , in the last centuries , we have not only defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which we are biologically programmed to admire , we have associated with a high and <unk> shape , and a white skin .
And that 's my inheritance , the heritage that I 've known to make money .
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now skeptical , and maybe there are some lovers who say -- Hold on . There are Naomi Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Wn .
First of all , the <unk> of knowing so much models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I 've got to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student at NYU he said all and every single models on the runway , and from <unk> models , only 27 , that is less than four percent , they were not white .
The next question that people always do is , can it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is , I do n't know , I 'm not interested in that .
But then what I would really tell you to each of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> surgeon 's surgeon , which would be awesome , because you were the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I say , `` Yes , I know my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the head chief of the American magazine or the executive director of H & M , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say most of you want to be a model , like saying you want to win the lottery when you 're older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to demonstrate everything that I learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike <unk> surgery , it can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've already done your studies now , and you have a rsum and some work on your back , no matter what you say , I mean , if you said that you want to be president from the United States , but your rsum would look strange for 10 years , people would look weird .
The next question that people always do is if all of the photos are <unk> .
And yes , they 're almost <unk> all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture that took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're getting into the personal terrain , but it was a girl .
This is what I looked like next to my grandmother a few months before .
These two photos are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I 'm at a pajama party a few days before the French <unk> photos .
Here I am with my football team and in the V magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not me in those photos .
These are creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> and photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> people , and they get to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always do is : Do you do free things ?
I have too many three inches long , and I never use , except the previous couple , but privileged privilege I get the ones I get in real life , and we do n't like to speak .
I grew up in Cambridge , and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money , and they gave me a free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a very bad driver ; he jumped a red light and , of course , stood up , and it took a sorry , agent so I could keep driving .
I feel about these privilege for me , not because of what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for their appearance , no matter who they are .
I live in New York City , and last year , of the teenagers who were left and checked , 86 percent black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only young black and Latino men in New York City , so for them , is n't a question of me ?
And when ?
When I investigate this talk , I found out that at 53 percent of 13 girls in the United States , they do n't like their body , and that figure rises to 78 percent to 17 .
So , the last question that people do is : How is the life of a model ?
And I think the answer that you expect is : If you 're a little thinner and you have the smartest hair , you 'll be very happy and fantastic .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe this looks like this .
We say , `` It 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible power to work with creative , resourceful and passionate people . ''
And that 's all true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of them , is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about me every day .
And if you ever ask yourself , `` With some thinner legs , the brightest hair , will be happier ? ''
They only have to meet with a bunch of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair and the most fashion , but probably the physically women in the planet .
But especially it was difficult to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the biggest <unk> .
If there 's something to retain from this talk , I hope that they all feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image that we have from success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since I was very much older enough to hold a camera , but I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures , and I did n't know who put them out .
There was no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to repeat photos , not even very minimal care in the lighting .
In fact , most people take random tourists .
My story begins when , <unk> in New York City to give a lecture , my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on his first birthday . That 's the corner of 57 and five .
He gave the chance that we came back to New York just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes from now .
When my daughter was approaching my daughter 's third birthday , my wife said to me , `` Why do n't you take you to New York City on a <unk> trip and you continue the ritual ? ''
Here 's when we started to ask the tourists who were going to take us off the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has no one ever been denied , and fortunately , nobody has ever met the camera .
So we were n't aware of how much we would change this journey .
It became a sacred thing for us .
This photo is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter , what had happened that day as a five year-old girl could understand .
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey .
It 's also a way to stop time on a week of October and make us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years , and not just at the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , even though we took the same photo , our perspective changes , my daughter reaches up new milestones , and I can see life through his eyes and how it interacts with everything .
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all the year .
Recently , in one of the trips , we were walking , when all of a sudden , it stopped dry and pointed out a red <unk> of the dolls store , which I loved small views of before .
And he described what made sense of five years in that same place .
<unk> who remembered his heart <unk> with force to see that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what you look at in New York is universities , because it 's determined to study in New York City .
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we create are the memories .
So I want to share the idea of actively engaging in conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know , but apart from these 15 pictures , I do n't go out in many of the family photos .
I 'm always the one that takes the picture .
Now , I want to encourage you all to come up in the photo , and you would n't get closer to somebody and ask them , `` Is it getting a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
The rabbits are found in the most threatened birds .
First of all , why do they have so bad press ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughter as a <unk> , dumb , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been looking at the press , you know , laughter , applause , applause and <unk> these are the attributes that associated with Kenyan Parliament . But I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament do n't hold the environment clean , <unk> do not help prevent the spread of disease .
They hardly are monogamous . They 're far from extinct . And , my favorite , rabbits have better presence . There are two types of rabbits on this planet .
There 's the vultures of the New World who are primarily in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and the Old World Old World , where we have 16 species . Of these 16 people face a high risk of extinction .
So , why are Egyptians important ? First , they provide vital ecological services .
They 're our gatherers of natural trash .
<unk> the bodies to the bone .
They help kill all the bacteria , that they help absorb anthrax than it would n't spread and causing great losses to livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no rabbits , the dead guys take three to four times longer in a broken , and this has huge ramifications of the spread of disease .
vultures also have huge historical importance .
They 've been associated with ancient culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protector and the maternity unit , and , along with the king cobra , we took the unit between the Stop and during Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of 10 head heads .
In <unk> culture , they 're doing very important burials in open sky , and in places like Tibet , there is no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these vultures provide a system of <unk> .
What 's the problem with vultures ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , which six are extremely endangered species .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason that they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife , <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a result , vultures are the victims of this .
In southern Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the endangered danger list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years ago , that means that in less than 10 or 15 years , it 's been treated , and the reason is because they fall prey from the consumption of cattle that has been treated with
This drug has been banned by using veterinarian in India and have taken a position .
Because there 's no rabbits , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs in landfill on bodies , and when you have dogs on the street , you have a huge amount of time bomb for anger . The number of anger has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be above Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind power , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to birds , they cut them in half .
They 're <unk> birds .
In Western Africa , there 's a horrible trade of rabbits dead to serve the <unk> and the market of <unk> .
So what 's being done ? Well , we 're researching these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine its basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so focusing on a locally , is not going to serve .
We have to work with governments in the regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the vultures , the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide .
How can you help ? It can become active , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you , we have to focus on these very <unk> creatures . We spend their time to spread the word .
When you get out of this room , they will inform you about vultures , but talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors about rabbits .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed from opinion , because he saw her flying without effort , without energy spending in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every single thing I do and all I do professionally -- my life -- it 's been molded by seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
From 1971 to 1977 , we 're younger , but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Cote d'Ivoire , Algeria and Somalia . In projects of technical cooperation with African countries .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was very disturbed .
I thought , at the 21st , that Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we played <unk> .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> from <unk> , '' was a project where I just decided to teach people from Zambia to growing food .
So , we came up with Italian seeds in southern Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the <unk> river , and we teach the locals growing Italian tomatoes and <unk> .
Of course , people were n't at all interested in doing that , so they 'd come up with them to come to work , and sometimes they 're not left . We were amazed that local , in such a fertile valley , they had n't had agriculture .
Yet , instead of asking you how it was possible that we did n't hear anything , we just said , `` Thank God we are here . '' `` Just in order to save the people of Zambia from dying of famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa grew beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow to this size , in Zambia , to this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were telling them , `` Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were cute , mature and red , overnight , about 200 <unk> appeared from the river and ate it all , and we said to the <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , we do n't have agriculture here , '' `` Why did n't they say ? '' `` You never said . ''
I thought we just make mistakes in Africa , but then I saw what Americans were doing , what the English did , what the French were doing , and after seeing what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed the <unk> .
You know , we can see the waste -- <unk> to see the waste that we 're bringing to people in Africa .
She wants to read a book , read `` forget '' from <unk> <unk> , economist <unk> .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donor countries , we 've given the African continent two million dollars over the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about damage than that money has caused it .
Just read your book .
Part of an African woman , the damage we 've done .
Now , Westerners are imperialists , Mormon <unk> , and we treat people only in two ways : or we 're sponsoring them , or we 're <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
But they mean two different things .
<unk> , I deal with any of a different culture as if you were my kids , `` I want a lot . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of the different culture as if my servants were .
So white people in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' boss .
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The small thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said for all economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference , put a stick on the floor and said , `` Can you imagine a city that is n't <unk> ? ''
I decided I 'd just answer the people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never start anything , you 're never really motivated , but it becomes a servant of the local passion , the servant of the local people who have sleep to become a better person .
So what does you do ? It 's going to be <unk> .
It never comes to a community with an idea , and they sit with the people in the locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a cafe . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give one idea to someone .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that man has for their own personal growth is the most important .
And then , we help them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can succeed alone .
The person with the idea can not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years , years back , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we heard them ? But not in community meetings .
I 'll tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never run , and they 'll never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity have identified .
So , planning has this blind spot .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know it , because they do n't take their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work one to one , and we work face-to-face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You must create a new profession .
The profession is the family doctor of the company , the business family doctor , who sets up with you in your house , at the table of your kitchen , in the coffee table , in coffee , and that helps to find the resources to transform their passion in a way of living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to move away from this condescending garbage that we got to tell you what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects going on , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ?
How can it do that ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very hard .
And then the government says , `` Do it again , '' we 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped to start 40,000 businesses .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest business advisers in history , passed away a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before they engage in business , and this is what Peter says is : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economy of innovative enterprise . ''
planning is the kiss of death of the business spirit .
So now <unk> <unk> rebuilding what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn to get these people to talk to you .
You have to offer them , and privacy , it 's got to be fantastic to help you , and then you 're going to come up with mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
Which presentation you 've ever gotten more than this morning ?
And that 's what you 've got to do .
So , what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We are at the end of the first Industrial industrial revolution , not renewables , manufacturing -- and at one point to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way to sustain machinery is not sustainable .
What we need to consider , is how we fix , we heal , we educate , we educate , we communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable form .
There are no technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent technology for the green revolution ? universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They will be entrepreneurs , and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that 's in a futuristic journal many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year .
And in the year he came together , this group of people , and <unk> about what would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they looked at the curve and pointed out , if the population is kept growing at this rate , to move into the population of New York around the world , six million horses , and the manure produced by six million horses , would be impossible to address .
They were already <unk> in dung . So , in this case , they were <unk> this dirty technology that we 're bringing in New York City .
So what happens ? In the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , <unk> companies , <unk> companies .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there was very few , <unk> , factories in <unk> places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First of all , you have to offer them .
Otherwise , they 're not going to come up with you .
Then , you have to offer an absolute , dedicated <unk> .
And later , you 'll have to tell you the truth about it .
The smallest company , the biggest company , has to be able to do three <unk> things : the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to tell with a fantastic marketing , and you have to have a fantastic financial administration .
You know what ?
We have never met a single human being in the world that can do , sell and search for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is still not been born .
We 've looked and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all the new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common , only one : no one was started by one person .
Never the word `` me , '' but the word `` we , '' 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody starts a company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment sitting in coffee shops , in bars , along with their devoted comrades who will do for you , what somebody did this gentleman who speaks about this epic , somebody who asked you , what do you need ?
What can you do ? Can you do it ?
Well , can you be selling it ? Can you search for money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . '' `` I 'd like you to look for someone ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
Those of us around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't swap a lot of knowledge in spite of the same public spaces .
In the last few years I 've tried to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came from questions like , how much pay my neighbors for their apartments ?
How can we afford and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad time ?
How do I share more memories from our abandoned buildings and better understanding our landscape ?
How do we share our hopes for empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> , <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
It 's always supporting music . There 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the most abandoned property of America .
I live around this house , and I thought I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood , and also in something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved a lot .
He was Joan , as a mother .
He was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this has a profound gratitude for the time I lived and a profound gratitude for me .
He gave him clear to the significant things about my life today .
But let 's just keep this look at my everyday life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to go to catch up by day and forget how important it is .
So with the help of old people and new friends turned the wall of this abandoned house on a giant blackboard , and he painted over her phrases to complete , `` Before I die . ''
So , the opponent could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to expect about this experiment , but the next day the wall was filled with , and he was still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die , I want to be judged by piracy , '' `` Before I die , I want to sit down to <unk> at the date of date . ''
`` Before I die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I die , I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before I die , I want to live outside the Web . ''
`` Before I die , I want to get more and more . ''
`` Before I die , I want to go to somebody else 's rescue . ''
`` Before I die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh at laughter , I 'm going to go and give me solace in hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and <unk> . It 's about supporting reflection and contemplation , and to remember what 's most important for us as we grow and change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues in the civic center , we made a kit , and now they 've made walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
And together we proved the power of our public spaces if we give us the opportunity to express each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have is the time and our relationships with other people .
In our era of distraction to increase , it 's more important than ever , finding the shapes of conserving the perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that we prepare for death is one of those things that would be more empowered .
Think of the death of the death of our life .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and with more media to share hopes , fears and stories , people around us not only can help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have one request today .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my brothers .
<unk> is 22 years old , it 's high and very handsome .
It does n't talk , but he transmitting joy than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
It 's shared what happens .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color of the skin .
You do n't care about religious differences , and notice this : never lied .
When he died of our childhood songs , trying to speak for words that I did n't even have to remember , it reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown .
Samuel 's 16 . It 's high . It 's very handsome .
He has the most pristine memory .
Yet it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but remember the year that he came out every single songs of my iPod , conversations that we kept when she was four , <unk> in my arm during the first episode of the <unk> and the <unk> birthday birthday .
Does n't you look like this ?
But most people do n't agree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit into the concept of normal society , they 're often ignored and <unk> .
But what propelled my heart is and <unk> my soul was that even if you do n't consider them inside the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : autistic and extraordinary people .
Now , for those less familiar with the term autism , it 's a complex brain disorder that affects social media , learning and sometimes the physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests itself in a different way , so that they 're so different to Sam .
And all around the world , every 20 minutes , is diagnosed with a new case of autism , and although it 's one of the developmental disorders that faster in the world , there 's no cause for known cure .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new self in my life .
When a few months ago , I realized that he was different .
<unk> a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies and , in fact , it did n't look very interested in me at all .
She lived and turned into his own world , with his own rules , and I found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the cars in line around the room , staring at the washing machine and eat anything that had between me .
As I grew up , it becomes more different , and the differences were made more evident .
But beyond the <unk> , the frustration and hyperactivity , there was something really unique : an pure and innocent nature , a child who sees the world without prejudice , a human being that I had never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there have been some tough times in my family , moments where I wish they were just like me .
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they are things that I would n't want to change by normal .
normality happens to the beauty of the beauty and the fact of being different does n't mean you 're wrong .
It just means that there 's a different vision of what is right .
If I could reach one thing to <unk> and Sam and to you , it would be that they do n't have to be normal .
They can be remarkable .
Because autistic or not , the differences we have -- they 're a gift , each of us has a gift in its inner , and honestly , the search for normal is the last sacrifice of the potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change dies at the time when we 're trying to be like each other .
Please -- do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit of what must have been Alice in the country of Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications professor , who would give a class of communication to engineering students .
I was scared . He was really afraid of these students with his great minds , his big books and his big books and his large words .
But when those conversations have been , I felt like Alice must have felt a sense when she fell down the hole and saw the door of a new world .
I just felt like I had those conversations with the students , and I was surprised that they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world as well .
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to health care and health care , among others , and if we do n't know what we do n't understand , work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not inviting us to see their world .
So scientists and engineers , please get rid of <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive .
First question for <unk> : And then what ?
Let 's tell why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us that they study <unk> , but study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing their science , care with the jargon .
The slang is a obstacle to our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say and spatial and temporary , '' but why not saying `` space and time , '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> <unk> is not the same as <unk> .
Instead , as Einstein said , that everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can communicate clearly their science without engaging ideas .
Something to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they 're going to hook them up and get it out with your content .
And when I present your job , forget the sign of `` bullet . ''
You 've wondered why they call bullets ? What do bullets do ? bullets kill , and kill their presentation .
One <unk> like this is not only boring , but it 's been supporting too much in the language of our brain and accountability .
Instead , this <unk> example of <unk> Brown is much more effective , it shows that the special structure of the <unk> is so strong that he really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible , that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit , and then we 'll provide graphs that we 're going to take our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what 's described .
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open the door and look at the country of wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , because of all media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from all the Oxford English words is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very well .
And `` <unk> '' means `` dishonest politician . ''
Although there was a journalism in the 19th century that he defined him much better when he said , `` A <unk> , '' is that he 's looking for public care , no matter , platform or principle , and that , when you win , you get it for mere use of a monumental <unk> monumental . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something about the words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know that they have to try to master language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the exact words they were saying to the parliamentary chamber .
And all of this was because of the bravery of a guy named <unk> <unk> , who was faced with Parliament .
They put him in the Tower of London and incarcerated him , but he had enough courage to cope with them , and in the end , he had such popular support in London that won .
And just a few years later , we had the first record from the first record of the phrase `` <unk> <unk> . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's by an advocate of freedom of expression .
But to show you really how the words and politics interact , I want you to go back to America , just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how I call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was debated in Congress for a long time .
And they were introduced all kinds of suggestions that could be <unk> .
Some of them wanted to call him the Washington Chief Washington , and others , `` His <unk> George Washington , '' and the other <unk> from the U.S. American <unk> .
Not quite appealing .
Some of them just wanted to call him `` King . ''
They thought it was tested .
And I did n't even know that they were <unk> , they had the idea that you could be chosen for a certain term .
And I could have served .
Everybody got immensely depressed , because this debate would be taken over three weeks .
I read the newspaper from a poor senator , and I always wrote , `` It 's still this topic . ''
What caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him King if he was told to him or his successor to him .
So , they wanted to give her the most modest title , more insignificant and more unfortunate title .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . There was just before , but it only meant `` somebody who 's coming up a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` <unk> . ''
There were <unk> presidents of small colonial <unk> and government fractions , but it was really a insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate gets against .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreign strangers . ''
`` And who will take a very ridiculous title , as ridiculous , President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate failed .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never appealed to the President of President .
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there , waiting for the Senate between action .
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it 's possible that we keep waiting for more years .
But the third thing we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and I want to leave you , is that the President of the President of America does n't sound as modest today , right now , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads , the world 's biggest economy and a fleet of UAVs .
The reality and the story have placed the title of <unk> .
So eventually I won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , it was a singularity for then .
But , you know how many nations have now president ?
And everything because they want to sound like the top 5,000 nuclear warheads , etc .
So , at the end , the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because no one is going to be humble when you tell them that now are the President of the United States .
And I think that 's the big lesson that we can learn , and that I 'd like to leave you with .
Politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control reality , but actually actually change the reality that much more the words that these might change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 to feet underground in an illegal mine from Ghana .
The air is <unk> and powder and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that talk about , but above all , that cacophony of male <unk> and stones track with primitive tools .
Like the rest of it , I took a cheap lantern of light attached to the head with this <unk> elastic , and I can barely distinguish the <unk> branches that grab the walls of that hole in a subway hole that drops hundreds of meters on the ground .
And I was stuck with my hand , and I suddenly remember a miner that I met before , who lost control and dropped countless feet in that well .
As I talk to you today , these men are deep in that hole in that pit of their lives without paying a reward and , often , dying .
I walked out of that hole and went home , but they may never , because they 're prey to slavery .
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> at the University of Vancouver 's Peace .
Among all the amazing people I met there was an integral to <unk> , an NGO that 's been doing to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery , and really , I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world , but not to such a degree .
When we talked about talking to me , I felt pretty bad , I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this atrocity of our days , and I thought , `` If I do n't know , how many people do n't know ? ''
I got an knot . And weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of <unk> the <unk> and offer my help .
So , I started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly enough , I 'd already been in many of these sites .
Some of them , even the considered my second home .
But this time , we 're going to hold the dirty rags .
A conservative calculation says there are more than 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice the amount of displaced Africans during all of this is about slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a farmer farmer was about three times the annual wage of an American worker .
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today .
However , today , you can tell entire families for generations per debts for $ 18 debt .
Amazingly , the slavery generates over $ 13 billion dollars a year around the world .
Many have been fooled by false good promises and better work in order to find that they are forced to work without pays , under threat of violence and ca n't escape .
Today , slavery operates in trade : goods produced by slaves have value , but those who produce them are disposable .
<unk> exists in almost everyone , and yet it 's illegal all over the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the bricks of bricks .
This strange , odd show was like entering ancient Egypt or nowhere .
<unk> on a 54 C temperature , men , women , children , in fact , entire families wrapped in a <unk> overcoat of <unk> stack bricks in their heads , up to 18 at the time , and they take them from hot furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters .
<unk> by monotony and tiredness work in silence , doing this task over and over again for 16 hours a day .
There was no breaks to eat , not to drink , and the severe <unk> would make it pretty inconsequential .
As <unk> were the heat and the powder that my camera became too hot and he stopped working .
Every 20 minutes , I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning for <unk> , and sitting there , I thought , `` My camera gets a treatment much better than these people . ''
Back in the furnaces , I wanted to cry , but the <unk> who was on my side quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And it explained to me so clearly that I demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me but for them .
I could n't offer them any direct help .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was not citizenship from that country .
I could put them in a situation , worse than they were already .
I had to rely on <unk> the <unk> and work inside the system for his release and trusted that he would be <unk> .
As long as I was , I waited to get home to feel my broken heart .
In the Himalayas , I found kids carrying stones for miles across a mile to trucks that they expected down .
Those big biggest designs were more heavy than the children who would charge and the kids hold their heads with homemade straps made of sticks , ropes and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious and so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they 're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without <unk> , because this has been this whole life .
They have nothing to compare .
When these villagers put their freedom , the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
When we hear the word slavery often we thought about sexual trafficking , and because of this global consciousness , they warned me that it would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I became young women who had been previously sex .
I was taken on a few stairs , which gave this dirty basement , <unk> fluorescent light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local prostitution for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private rooms , where <unk> <unk> with their girls and kids , some of that only seven years -- are forced to entertain the clients and to get them to buy more food and alcohol .
Every single post is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
Women often suffer sexual abuse to their clients .
On your foot at night , I remember feeling a <unk> fear , and in that instant , I could barely imagine what should be stuck in that hell .
I just had an exit : the stairs where I walked in .
There were no hind doors .
There were no big enough enough to climb .
Those people do n't have <unk> and , because we touch a hard topic , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , happens to us .
There are hundreds of people <unk> in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 children are sold every year as sex .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
The textiles are another activity that often relate to slave labor .
I visited Indian villages in which there were whole families in the trade of silk .
This is a portrait of family .
The black hands of black is the father , the <unk> of blue and red , of their children .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels and dive in the liquid into the liquid to <unk> , but that 's a toxic thing .
My dad told me his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , however , can come out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay us our job . ''
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children enslaved in the lake , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we got , I went to take a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen of fishermen on a ship , two older brothers , some younger kids , make sense , right ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Children are separated from their families , missing missing to work extensive in these boats in the lake , despite not knowing how to swim .
This boy is eight years old .
When our boat came to me , I was shivering ; that his little canoe was <unk> .
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling to water .
<unk> branches of trees submerged in Lake , often catch networks and children , <unk> and fear , are thrown into water to unlock the branches .
Many drown .
Since remember , it 's always been forced to work in the lake .
In fear of his love not to run away , and like all life has been treated , <unk> the youngest slaves under their command .
I met these guys at the top five in the morning , when they woke up the last networks , but they 'd been working from the one .
It 's a cold , windy night .
And it 's going to point out that these networks weigh over 400 kilos when they are packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued by a day of fishermen .
I met him in a shelter where we <unk> the <unk> to victims of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes as possible .
Who will be because of someone decided to make a difference in their life ?
<unk> by a road in Ghana with <unk> partners , a mate with his bike , suddenly accelerated , and surpassed our car and touched the window .
They asked us to take it through a path of land to the forest .
At the end of the way , we got to get out of the car , and he asked the driver to come out quickly .
And then he pointed out this path to just visible and said , `` This is the path , this is the way . Come on . ''
As we started down , we removed the <unk> that would move the way , and after walking around about an hour , we found that the path was <unk> by the recent rains , so I put the pictures of my mind on my head as you 're going to go into the chest to the chest .
After two hours on walk , the <unk> ended abruptly suddenly , and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field , and they were all full of workers enslaved .
Many women had kids tied to their backs , and , while they were looking for gold , they walked into mercury .
The mercury is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the pump , they were on their own sweat .
I remember looking at her eyes tired , <unk> , because many had been underground for 72 hours .
<unk> are up to 90 feet , and these people carry heavy stone bags , which then they 'll be transported to another area in which we can get the gold to be able to extract the gold .
At the first view , the site seems to be filled with strong , powerful men , but if we look closer , we see some more lucky ones and also children .
They 're all victims of injuries , disease and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully will end up like this victim of tuberculosis and poisoning continued poisoning in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his uncle died his uncle he took him to work with him in mines .
As his uncle was going to die , I <unk> his debt 's debt , which force him to be a slave in mines .
When I met him , I had worked on the mines , 14 years and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so severe that doctors said that it should be .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet it 's forced to work on night and day in that mine .
Yet , he dreams about being liberated and <unk> from local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , from face to a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot of respect .
I want to shine light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world .
I wanted you to know that we will give witness to them and we 're going to make everything possible to help change their lives .
I truly believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it becomes very difficult to tolerate things like slavery .
These images are not magazines . These are people , real people , like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no day that happened that I do n't think about these many beautiful people , battered people , who have had the great honor to meet .
I hope that these images wake up a force in whom you see them , in people like you , and I hope that force to turn on a fire and that fire <unk> light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do math math , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we are like the management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So I 'm going to try and try to explain to you what I do .
dance is one of the most human activities .
We were telling us the ballet <unk> and the dancers of <unk> that we 're going to see later .
But the ballet puts a degree of extraordinary training , a high level of dexterity , and probably some initial fitness that can well have a genetic component .
Sadly , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease , gradually destroy this extraordinary ability , as it does with my friend <unk> <unk> who , in their time , was a virtuous dancer .
In the last few years , there 's been a lot of progress on treatment .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world that are sick and have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way , and ultimately , the only way we know if there really exists a cure when we have an objective metric and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement is no biological markers , so they do n't have the blood analysis and the best that we have is a 20 minutes neurological exam .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that , outside of the clinical trials , they never do .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a <unk> trip to the clinic . What if patients could do the exam themselves ?
It would not be personal .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in clinical clinic .
So what I want to do with you as no conventional way to try , you see , in a certain sense at least , we 're all <unk> as my friend Jan <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of vocal cords .
It shows someone healthy while it emits sounds when we speak , we can imagine as the dancers of a vocal ballet , because we need to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes required . The <unk> , for example .
And , like ballet , it requires an extraordinary training level .
Let 's think of time that leads to a child to learn to speak .
From the sound , we can track the position of the vocal chords , as vibrate , and as well as Parkinson 's affects the limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
On the bottom plot , you can see a <unk> example of the vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
<unk> , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do you compare these tests on the voice with the specialized clinical trials ? Well , they 're both <unk> .
The neurological test is not invasive . They both use existing infrastructure .
It 's not necessary to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
Both are skillful . Okay , but also <unk> tests are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds as a lot .
These are minimal cost , and we all know what happens .
When something takes cost so low : it comes on massive scale .
These are some really incredible lists to address .
We can reduce the patient 's difficulties .
I would n't need to go to the clinic for the <unk> .
With high-speed monitoring , we could get targets .
We could do such a <unk> massive <unk> for clinical trials , and for the first time , <unk> doable at a general scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So when we give the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's <unk> Initiative .
Together with <unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and begin to address these goals .
We have local local lines for 750 million people in the world .
Any one , with no Parkinson 's , it can call low price and show recordings for a few cents , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples of , say 10,000 people , you can say who 's healthy and who is not ?
What will you take from these samples ?
Max Little : Yes , yeah . What happens is that during the call , you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people may not get over . It may not end up .
But we 're going to get a very large sample of <unk> data in different circumstances , and doing it in different circumstances is important because we 're looking at <unk> the factors of confusion in looking for the real markers of the disease .
TR : Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : Much more than that .
In fact , my graduate student , I have to <unk> , has done fantastic work , and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well , what we 're doing the project . We now have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's improvement .
<unk> : Absolutely .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March , 2011 , <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We 're <unk> and gray creatures .
We 're moving into the darkness , in without windows and , usually we avoid sunlight .
We do the concrete models still , the perfect skin is still more perfect , we do the impossible , and we think of the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste of images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that were happening in Japan .
Shortly after , an organization where he was voluntary , <unk> <unk> , was in the place working as part of the answer team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , knew that we could n't sit at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May , I went to <unk> .
It 's a small <unk> town in the <unk> of <unk> <unk> , one of the first people affected by the wave .
The water level has reached over 24 feet tall and more than three miles in the Earth .
As you can imagine , the village was devastated .
We got rubble from the channels and the ditches .
<unk> schools . We took the mud and we leave the lists ready to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons of dead fish , smelly , rotten fish plant .
We fell around and we loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers like the neighbors found similar things .
They found pictures and photographs of photos and cameras and piano cards .
They all did the same thing .
<unk> and bring them to different parts of the towns around the villages around them .
It was n't until then I realized that those photos represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffered .
While he was running out of the wave , and to save their lives , they had to abandon everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a downtown village .
It helped away clean the circle , the huge , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the center of evil pick up photos .
And they had the honor , and I had the honor of that day to clean up the photos .
This was exhilarating and inspiring , I 'd heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I got my horizons to something happened .
By looking at the pictures , I found some that had more than a hundred years old , and they were still in the lab , I could n't stop thinking about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and knew hundreds of people who could do the same .
So that night I went into Facebook contacted with some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , which I knew we had to try .
So we started tweaking the photos .
This was the first of all .
I was n't too much spoiled , but where the water had <unk> the face of the girl , I had to get <unk> , and it 's a lot of it .
Otherwise , that little girl would n't look like it , and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled photo .
Over the time of time , they arrived for more pictures , and it took more <unk> , so I went back on Facebook again and LinkedIn , and five days later 80 people were offered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people from joining up .
In Japan , in July , we mobilize ourselves to <unk> , a neighboring village north .
Once a week using our scanner , we use our scanner in temporary photographic libraries that had set up , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that it would take in <unk> is a different story , it depended on the <unk> of the photos .
It could entail an hour . It could be a few weeks .
It could spend months .
This <unk> had to draw almost by hand using the areas of the areas whose color and detail was n't destroyed .
It took a long time .
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged in saltwater , covered from bacteria , with algae , even with oil , all of it along with the time of the time I continue to <unk> , that 's why <unk> was an important part of the project .
We could n't tweak the photo unless it was clean , dry and had been wiped out by his owner .
We were lucky with the cleanliness .
We tell the guide of a remarkable neighbor .
It 's very easy to harm the photos are damaged .
As once he said , <unk> , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky to the photos .
He had begun to <unk> her , but he stopped realizing that the injured even more .
It also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of her husband and his own face would n't have been able to rebuild , we were able to put the images in a single photo , and plan the whole photo .
When he collected his photos shared some of his story with us .
And a few colleagues from his husband found the photos on a fire station between the rubble , far away from where he used to be their house , but his colleagues recognized it .
The tsunami day , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
He had to go inside the water as <unk> sounded .
Their little kids , not so small now , but their two children were in school , in different schools .
One of them was trapped in the water .
He took a week to find his entire family and know that everybody had survived .
The day he gave her his son under 14 years .
For her , despite all this , those photos were the best gift I could do , something that he could go back to look , something that I could remember from the past was not beaten by the day of March , when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up to the hundreds of hundreds of them , they helped us clean up a lot of 135,000 photographs , the vast majority of them -- -- the vast majority of their owners and their owners .
More than 500 volunteers all over the world helped us back to 90 families , hundreds of photos that are totally <unk> and <unk> .
During this time , we actually do n't spend more than $ 1,000 in teams and materials , most of them on printers for printers .
We took pictures constantly .
A photo is a memory of someone or something , a place , a relationship , someone loved .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing that we would take , but the first thing that we 're going to take to look for .
This is what this project was about , to restore small pieces of humanity , to bring back someone their connection to the past .
When a picture like this comes back to somebody , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a huge difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected with something bigger , give back something , using their talent to something that is not accurate models of perfect skin .
So I 'd just like to read this email . I emailed it the day I came back from Japan after six months .
As a <unk> , I could n't stop thinking about the people and the stories shown in images .
One in particular , a photo with women of different ages , from the grandmother to the small girl , gathered around a baby , was moved by , because a similar picture of my family , my grandmother , my mother , and my newborn daughter , hangs off our wall .
In the whole world , in all the few our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc , <unk> inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet running through an apple exhibition in an exhibition on a millionth of just a millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion , but one trillion frames per second .
I give you a new kind of photograph : <unk> -- a new technique that can create videos in the slow motion of light in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that you can see after the corners , beyond the line of vision , or see the interior of the body without using X-rays , and challenging the idea of camera .
If I take a laser pointer , and I turn it into a <unk> of a second or it 's , in several <unk> to create a packet of a single millimeter wide width .
And that pack of photons , that bullet , traveling at the speed of light , and again , one million times faster than a common bullet .
If you take that bullet and this pack of photons and shoot in this bottle , how do you spread those photons into this bottle ?
What is the light of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all this happens in fact at least a <unk> is what it takes to travel .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see the light moving .
Coca-Cola did n't play this research . They 're a lot of things in this movie ; I 'm going to take this information out to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet comes into the bottle with a pack of photons that starts to <unk> and , within , it starts to <unk> .
Part of the light falls off , goes to the table , and we started to see these little ripples .
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode they explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a bubble of air that bounces inside .
In that time , the waves travel on the table , and because of the reflections of the top of the bottle , you see in the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , that ideas concentrate .
Now , if we take a ordinary and current bullet and we 're going to go through the same distance , and we see it in slow motion at about 10 billion times , how much you think would lead us to see that movie ?
One day ? One week , a week .
It would be a very boring film of a slow bullet .
And what about testing dead nature ?
You can see the waves coming from the table , the tomato and the bottom wall .
It 's like throwing a stone on a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a photo , thinking , from a <unk> at once , but of course our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll notice that , as the light takes over the tomato , it 's still bright . It does n't go dark .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe and the light bounces it inside , and it becomes after several <unk> .
In the future , when this <unk> is in your cell phones , you can go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
Why did we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we take a picture of a low exposure , it goes into very little light .
But we 'll go a billion times faster than the shortest exposure , so I 'm just just going into some light .
We sent that bullet , that pack of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with a very cleverly , and we took those gigabytes of data and <unk> estimates to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of these raw data on it and make it interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see after the corners ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door , and you 're going to go into the room , one part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
where we could extract those multiple bounces of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall is a mannequin and <unk> the light on the door .
Then of the publication of our article in the Nature Communications .
And a tiny fraction of the photons go back to the camera , but interestingly , at slightly different times .
And as we have a camera that works like that fast , our <unk> , has unique capabilities .
It 's got very good temporary resolution and can look at the world at the speed of light .
So , we know the distances to the door , and also the hidden objects , but we do n't know what extent it corresponds to what the distance is .
You can record a laser in gross , which , you see on the screen , it really does n't make any sense .
But are we going to take a lot of images like that , tens of images , bringing them up and try to analyze the multiple light bounces , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our rebuilding .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that can avoid collisions with what 's going on on the turn of the curve .
Or we could find survivors in dangerous conditions by looking at the light by open windows .
Or we could be able to build <unk> able to see the interior of the body by having <unk> , and the same thing for <unk> .
But of course , because of the fabric and the blood , this is quite difficult , so this is actually an order to scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new visualization of visualization to the problems of the next generation .
So as Doc <unk> , he was himself a scientist , he turned science into art , an art of photographs .
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collect every time is not just scientific visualizations , but we can see that we can .
You create a new form of computational photograph with slow motion and code .
And look at those waves . Remember , the time between one of those waves is just about <unk> .
But here 's also a fun thing .
If we look at the waves below the cap , these are going away from us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out that , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we 've got strange effects . And Einstein would have delighted to see this image .
The order that the events occur in the world is sometimes shown in front of the camera .
And we would have the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's already time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change life , and give you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , you can provide a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a cell phone , you can tweet a message , and start a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone , you can record a song , let 's move it to <unk> and make it famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> from 1984 and I live in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting in search of change .
This is the fall of 1989 , and imagine if all these people gathered in search of a change , they had a mobile phone .
Who 's saying have a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your cell phones , <unk> !
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everybody today has a mobile phone .
But today , I 'll talk about me , my cell phone , and how life changed .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 lines of information .
Data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U . Commission .
The <unk> of data .
This directive says that every European telephone company , every single Internet provider all over Europe , has to store a broad range of information from users .
Who calls an email to who .
Who 's sent a text to who .
And if we use mobile , where we are .
This whole information is stored for at least six months , and until two years , in their phone company or his Internet provider .
And all across Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this retrieval of data .
We want to self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the phone and the Internet providers , all this information about us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , all said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin , and they said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some of them even said this would be 2.0 2.0 .
<unk> was the secret police from East Germany .
And I also wondered whether this works .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Any time using your phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at the time was the largest telephone company in Germany , which please bring me all the information they had about me .
I asked them once , and I went back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete response . It was all blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you 're holding my life .
That 's why I decided to put out a lawsuit , because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we will not give you this information .
At the end , they agreed .
We would take the demand , and they sent me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed the <unk> for the German law of license .
So I got this ugly about a CD on a CD inside .
And on the CD there was this .
Thirty and five thousand <unk> <unk> .
At first I saw them , and I said , well , it 's a huge file . Okay .
But after a while I realized that it 's my life .
There 's six months of my life in this file .
It was a bit skeptical : what should it do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I 'm at night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data is .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open Data City , we did this .
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life .
You can zoom in and zoom out , go back and forward .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going to <unk> in the train to Shakespeare , and what often I call the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That gives a little bit of fear .
But it 's not just me .
It 's all of us .
First of all , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends and they 're called between them .
And then you call the other one , and the other one , and we ended up with this big communications network .
You can see how your people communicate to each other what time they call each other , how time they sleep .
You can see this all .
You can see the centers , the group leaders .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the form of your society , because you know who speaks to who , who , who is sending an email to who , all this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and until two years .
As I said to the beginning , imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a mobile phone .
And the <unk> had known who I participated in this protest , and if <unk> had known who the leaders were , this would never have happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened .
And as a result , not the fall of the <unk> .
Because today , state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible within and out of the web .
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today , you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home , tell your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value , and that 's not fashionable .
When you go home , tell your representative of just because business and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information they store you .
So in the future , every time you use their mobile phones that lets them remember that they need to fight for the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor that brought me into the world .
I took my mom six times in six different directions , attached to the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , so I 'm going to cover all the time .
Look .
It 's exhausting . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad Al .
Women C is not genetics .
It 's not <unk> and it can contract .
No one <unk> the uterus of my mother and not <unk> because my parents were cousins , even though they are .
It 's just about accidents , like the one that happened at birth .
Now I warn you , I 'm not a source of inspiration .
It feels bad for me , because at some point in life , you want to be disabled .
Come on .
Christmas Christmas , you 're in the mall , drive in circles and search for parking lots and what do you see ?
It 's 16 empty places for disabled .
And they think , `` God , can I be at least a little disabled ? ''
In addition , I tell you , I have 99 problems , and December C is just one of them .
There was a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and alive in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe they should .
I 'm from <unk> Park in New Jersey .
I always loved my neighborhood and my illness had the same early ones .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York , I could .
Many people with brain palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` ca n't . ''
My father 's mantra was , `` You can see <unk> . ''
If my three senior sisters , I got a wiped .
If my three older sisters were going to the public school , my parents <unk> to the school system , and they were reminded that I was also , and if we did n't pull all the top note to the top of my mother .
My father taught me to walk at the five years putting my toes on his feet and just walking .
Another tactics I used to use was to hang a dollar in front of me to get it out .
The <unk> I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in the kindergarten I was walking like a boxing champion who has gotten a lot of taps .
Growing up , there was only six Arabs in my city , and they were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they continue to be all of the family . I think nobody realized that we were n't Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and that politicians would think appropriate to use `` hatred '' as a slogan of campaign .
The people that I grew up with had no problem with my faith .
However , it seemed to be a lot like I died of starvation during the <unk> .
I told them that I had enough fat to live three entire months without eating , so I speed back from dawn to sunset is very easy .
I danced on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't afford the physical therapy , so I sent me to dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , so I can walk in heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends were wearing heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the shore of Jersey , I was n't going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents were afraid of it , if we do n't go to Palestine all summer , we 've got to Madonna .
On summer vacation often my father was trying to figure out , so I drank a drink of deer , they put me warm cups on my back , and I remember the water <unk> the eyes and I thought , `` It works , it works ! ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I should say , it 's very boring , but before he yoga was a <unk> comedian who could n't stand up .
And now I can stand on your head .
My parents <unk> this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be in the Women 's Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship to the <unk> , University of Arizona , because I was in all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> of the theater department of theater .
They all loved you .
I did all of the <unk> tasks , I took the maximum note in my classes , and also in his classes .
Every time I was doing a scene of the crystal zoo my professors will come back .
But I never got a paper .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to do a work called a very slow dance in Jackson .
It 's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , and he said , `` Well , I 'll finally have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy !
At the free end ! In the end !
Thank you to God all-powerful , I 'm just free . ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him Brown .
I went to <unk> to the director of the theater department , crying , historically , as if somebody had killed my cat , and ask her why , and she told me that it could n't make the stunts stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the stunts , you ca n't do the character . ''
It was a role that literally was born and gave an actress without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> history of <unk> actors without disabled roles .
When I graduated , I went back home , and my first tour <unk> was as extra as extra .
My dream became true .
And I knew it would be <unk> from `` roommate '' `` best friend crazy '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I stayed there as a vase , it did n't look more than the back of the neck , and it was obvious to me that the <unk> directors do n't make actors , not white , with disability .
You just sell it to perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching <unk> Goldberg , <unk> <unk> , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : it was <unk> .
That 's why I became <unk> .
On my first tour I took famous comical from New York to New Jersey , and I 'll never forget the face of the first comical I took when he fell into the realization that I was at high speed on the Jersey highway with a driver that had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs across the United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , not censorship and without veil .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know you never heard that little nasty buzz saying that women are not fun , and they find them very fun .
In 2003 , my father 's brother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the New York City Festival 's <unk> Festival now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of <unk> in media and once you remind the <unk> directors that <unk> and Arabic are not synonymous .
<unk> Arabs were much easier to fight for the challenge of the stigma 's stigma .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I was as invited to the cable news program by wire has Keith <unk> .
And I walked into a graduation dance , I went back to a study and they sat in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two ... ''
And we were alive .
So I hold on to the desk 's desk , so I could n't go back on the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , I was in the face .
I finally had my opportunity and <unk> . I knew they would n't come back to me .
But not only Mr. <unk> came back back to me , but he was like a full-time participant and hit my chair .
A lot of fun that I learned in directly with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
It 's said that the kids are cruel , but they 've never been proud of me or child .
Suddenly , my disability on the Internet became the object of ridicule .
I saw clips online with comments like , `` Why are I <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` Poor <unk> terrorist . ''
What disease does it have ?
We really should pray for her . ''
A reviewer suggested to even add my disability to my rsum : writer , comedian , paralyzed .
disability is as visual as race .
If somebody in the wheelchair ca n't make <unk> , then you ca n't make somebody in a wheelchair .
The disabled are the ... Yes , clap , man . Come on .
The disabled are the biggest minority in the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
Doctors said not walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown up with media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that would be less hatred on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children .
My tortuous journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I came to <unk> by the red carpet by <unk> Susan <unk> soap soap soap soap soap soap .
I got to act on a film with Adam <unk> and to work with my idol , incredible Dave Matthews .
<unk> the Arab world , `` Arabs have gone crazy . ''
I was <unk> in representation of the great state of New Jersey in the <unk> of 2008 .
And I founded `` The Children of <unk> , '' a charity to give young kids to Palestinian children a little bit of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me acting live , and I do this talk to his memory .
It 's lying in peace .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child from a small village .
I do n't know your name , but I know his story .
She lives in a small village in <unk> .
This village is near <unk> .
<unk> drives the small village to poverty and the edge of starvation .
Without it there , it goes to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there is no opportunity , no work , no future perspectives .
He just lived in a tent in the city on the outskirts of <unk> .
After maybe a year <unk> , nothing .
And one day he comes up with a gentleman that offers him to lunch , after dinner , to breakfast .
He knows a dynamic group of people , who gives a break .
She gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes , money to send home , your family .
They presented to a young man .
They finally went home .
It starts a new life .
It has a life goal .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky shows a car bomb .
That child from that little village with the dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were in <unk> , a terrorist organization with al Qaeda .
So how about the story of a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for an opportunity , hoping to start his future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that came to him .
This was the first thing that he pulled him out of what we call `` the Wait period . ''
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , young urban urban youth who were throwing riots in Johannesburg , <unk> in London , looking at something beyond the waiting period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , jobs , well-being , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of five people who live in cities will be under 18 .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't give them opportunities , the story of the <unk> , the door of access to terrorism , to violence , in gangs , will be the history of cities 2.0 .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
70 percent do n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do n't do anything .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember being in front of that hospital <unk> , thinking , `` What if I 'd never gone ? ''
What if I had forced me forced to be in that same , `` wait period '' ?
Would it have become terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to harbor a few youth leaders in a corporate summit .
They went to about 90 juveniles to <unk> .
We sat down and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He was at the University of <unk> , he graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , that because I was a graduate university , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect target for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to reach B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
He looked at an opportunity and he saw it .
It started a motorcycles company .
It began <unk> motorcycles to local residents who normally could n't afford .
I bought 10 motorcycles , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is somewhere expanding hundreds of motorcycles over the next three years .
Why is this story different ?
What makes this story different ?
I think the ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the entrepreneurial spirit , and I think that the entrepreneurial spirit may be the most powerful tool to be the most powerful tool .
<unk> young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are so desperately looking .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping me to train some of the young people at the height of corporate entrepreneurship and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business enterprise .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen in over 22 years , and until recently , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were sent out of plastic sent from the foreigner .
If you give them to somebody , `` When was the last time you saw cool flowers ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a company from <unk> and floral design .
I created a farm on the outskirts of <unk> , and he started growing <unk> and <unk> , who said , could survive the hard climate of <unk> .
And it began the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now he 's working on the creation of the first public park in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
He wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , like he says , smell <unk> .
By the way , he does n't bleed pink because they use a lot of water .
So the first step is to inspire the young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They 'd never thought about starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , working for government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
The encouraged to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , who could be <unk> .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions to some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
They were doing business solutions for local problems .
So , inspiring young people and creating a business spirit culture is really a big step , but the young people need to make their ideas true .
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in the development and put on their businesses .
Let 's give young people to the resources that they need , let 's support the support that they need to move from conception to creation , and create <unk> for urban growth .
For me , the entrepreneurial spirit is more than starting a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
Their Peace Park , this is how he calls it , when it 's created , to transform the way people see their city .
<unk> hired me from the street to help rent and keep motorcycles for him .
They gave them a chance to escape from the <unk> of the waiting period .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : becoming young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eating their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about <unk> and Parks of the Peace than <unk> and `` wait periods . ''
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> Mountains , an area <unk> north of the New York State .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun made the leaves <unk> as a <unk> , and it would n't be on the way that we were still , we could almost pretend we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> of a beautiful graphic lake when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed was a dump , about four square feet with rotten apple hearts , rotten red paper balls , and old shoe .
And I was choked up , I was so angry and incredibly confused .
<unk> that were too lazy to get what they had , who they thought was going to clean their crap ?
That question went on with me , and it was a little bit .
Who cleans our crap ?
No matter how to organize or where put the `` our '' , who cleans our crap in Istanbul ?
Who cleans our garbage in Rio or in Paris or in London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> clean our garbage , right now , from 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What do you feel like to use your uniform and take that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and walked through the trajectory and I interviewed people in offices and facilities across the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
I needed to go further .
So I started working as a <unk> .
Now I 'm not just traveling in the trucks . I were doing them .
And he operated the mechanical prints and the snow bar .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
Everybody says about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as predominant as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong , you get used very quickly .
It costs a lot to get used to weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies were still pushing weight on the weight of his body tons of garbage every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of stats <unk> , the waste collection is one of the ten <unk> <unk> in the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and coming into traffic , all day , and they 're moving around you .
They just want to be <unk> , so the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And the crap itself is also full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and they have terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless of garbage .
When you get out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is as a force of nature itself .
It never stops coming .
It 's also as a way of breathing or circulation .
It must always be moving .
And it 's also the stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I believe a lot of waste gatherers are the most important work in the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They 're the first protective of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the energy in efficient and effective , every day , this starts <unk> from their containers and its dangers , they threaten us in very real ways .
We 'd be able to be controlled for decades and centuries coming back to sprout , and they start <unk> .
The economy needs them .
If we ca n't get rid of the old , we do n't have space for what the engines of the economy begin to fail when it 's at danger .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , just pointing at your relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average daily speed that I call our average daily speed .
And I mean , I mean just at the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time .
We usually do n't worry about it , we do n't know , we 've got to clean , or we have to take our coffee cup , our pouch of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we flush them , we forget about them , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side that will come out of it .
So today , I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about garbage collection that may help reduce the stigma and we 're going to get into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
His job , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're in the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when to go .
And their work allows us to do our own .
They 're almost a way of relief .
The flow that keeps us safe from ourselves , of our own waste , our waste , and that flow should always stay in one form or another .
One day after September 11 , 2001 , I heard a collection of a collection post of a waste collection truck on the street , grabbed my little son , and I went down the stairs running , and there was a man doing his recycled <unk> journey , like he did all on Wednesday .
And I tried to thank him for doing his work that particular day , but I started crying .
And he looked at me and simply nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be fine .
We 're going to be fine . ''
Shortly after that I started looking at the collection of waste , and I went back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , we worked together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
We 're going to be fine .
But in our supportive efforts , the way we exist on this planet as a species must include and have to account all the costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we 're talking about garbage , they represent three percent of the nation 's waste .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of your day and their lives , the next one you see somebody whose job is to clean out the garbage of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you very much .
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life , forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and local traditions .
I brought two recent projects here as an example of this .
Both of these projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture .
The first example began with an invitation to design a <unk> center in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , to my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to go out . ''
And after seeing some of these buildings , there are many in the city , we realized that there are three important aspects to point out .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people ca n't afford to buy things .
Second , you need to spend a lot of energy because the skin with crystals generates heat inside , so it takes a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the entire year .
And thirdly , it looks nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a shame for a rich place in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was actually hooked with the old market that is the outdoor structure , where thousands of people , go and buy things every day to small marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought that was what I really wanted to design , not a commercial center .
But the question was how to build a modern building , several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge was presented to the setting , which is located in a very much growth area of the city , where much of the buildings that we now see in the image , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that are n't communicating at a hundred meters .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , bringing together all the entries in the building .
And this spreads with an inclined atrium that creates a space of outdoors in the building that would spread , by its own shape , sun and rain .
And around this space , we 've applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on every floor because of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
And I wanted to find a solution that would promote the local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a tissue that 's similar to a concrete shell , and it 's going to allow the air input , and also the light , but in a filtered way .
Then we 're inspired by these beautiful buttons in the dresses of the Ethiopians of the Ethiopians .
They have properties of fractal geometry , and this helped me shape the facade .
We 're building that with these small pieces that are owned by the windows that leave the air and light in a way that 's controlled inside the building .
This will be attached to these little colors of color that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a commercial center . It 's not what we ask . ''
But ultimately we all realized that this idea of the market was to be much more profitable than the commercial center , because at the end of the day there were more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not just because of the material in comparison with the glass , but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning .
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy power for the building in a city where electricity cuts almost every day .
So we got a huge advantage by putting on the roof .
And then under those panels , we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which collect water for indoor health care .
It 's expected for the beginning of the next year , because we 're going to the fifth floor of construction .
The second example is a master of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a project that 's so big , the biggest I 've ever designed , I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia but also its environment , its tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I put special attention to the <unk> , a <unk> structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve access doors connected by nearly straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation we did was expand the streets existing , creating 12 early blocks that are similar in size and features that there 's in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of the <unk> doors , and this changed the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the little cell 's cell , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the <unk> climate ?
And it 's a solution , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So we would make a schematic that claims that most of the apartments are perfectly interested in that direction .
And this is the result that 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then on the plant , we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms , which set greater density at higher levels and lower density on the plant .
And also it reinforces this idea of the doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost as giving the community back through construction .
It 's where all the neighbors can go up and socialize , and do activities such as a race for two kilometers in the morning , or jump from one building to another .
These two examples , have a common approach in the design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see the cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate as the buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and that they have as a goal to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight , a new girl joined our class . It was as remarkable as you see all the new girls .
I had big amounts of very bright hair and a little <unk> of pencils , cute . It was super strong for the capitals of the states , very good for <unk> .
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy , until I put my sinister box .
One day I stayed at a time after the school exit school , and I hid in the bathroom of girls .
When the coast was <unk> , I went into the classroom , I went into the classroom , I took the book from my master 's book .
And then I did .
<unk> the grades of my rival , just a little bit , just a few .
All the way , and I set out to give back the book in the drawer , but to see some of my other colleagues had really good grades .
So , in a frenzy , <unk> the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put them all rows from <unk> and myself to myself a row , just because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea arose .
I do n't understand why I felt good .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never got caught .
It 's all <unk> .
I was never found out .
But most of all , I 'm going to tell you the reason why I was bothered by this little girl , so small , it was so good for <unk> .
Now , <unk> jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies have jealousy .
Also , primates , birds are very likely .
We know that jealousy are the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study to look at loneliness , or the long duration or the sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because novels is like the lab where jealousy is being studied in all their possible shapes .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's a exaggeration to say that if there 's no jealousy , there would be no literature .
Well , I would n't have Helen <unk> , there would be no `` A . ''
There would be no raw king , and it would n't be a thousand and a nights . ''
There 's no Shakespeare .
<unk> the secondary school lists , because we would be losing `` The Noise and <unk> , '' I would n't have `` Party '' and `` Party '' -- we will lose `` Madame K , '' and `` Madame K . ''
No jealousy , there are no Proust . I know that it 's fashionable with saying that Proust has the answers to everything , and as soon as jealousy , it almost has all of them .
This year , 100 years old , and he 's going , `` In pursuit of lost time , '' the most frequently study of sexual jealousy and also the ordinary competitiveness , mine , all that we could have . And thinking about Proust , we have the details , right ?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We think about a <unk> <unk> in you .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forgot about how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia <unk> said were as tough as cat <unk> .
I do n't know how it 's <unk> , but we assume that it 's <unk> .
So let 's see why they go so well together , the novel and jealousy -- jealousy and Proust .
It 's going to be very obvious how jealousy , which is reduced to the person , their desire , to their liabilities , are a solid basis base ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed to make us feel bad .
Now , as we see storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details to include , put the knife , right ?
jealousy made all amateur amateurs , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to himself that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh charm that <unk> in his lover , he adds it to their collection of Torture instruments in their private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust -- was notoriously jealous .
You know , the boyfriends of Proust would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's hard work . Right ?
jealousy is <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . You need to power it .
And how are jealousy ?
Salmon get rid of the information .
jealousy use the details .
jealousy likes the large amounts of bright hair and cute little bit of pencils .
They get rid of the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful . Proust links the language of language by jealousy .
When <unk> is in his agony of jealousy , suddenly he listens to behind the doors and <unk> the servants of his lover , then defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know that you think this is disgusting , but it 's not different to the interpretation of an old text or to look at a monument . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with true intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy looked at us <unk> , and they make us seem like <unk> , but in their own point , they 're search for knowledge , search of truth , a real truth . In fact , what Proust matters , the most painful truth , the more painful truth , the more painful truth .
The pain , the humiliation , the loss : These were the pathways to the wisdom of Proust .
He says , `` A woman who we need , that makes us suffer , causes a range of much more profound feelings than a wise man who can be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy reveal ourselves .
And there is some other emotion that does to open ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion , is our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at such peculiar intensity ?
Freud 'd write about this later .
One day , Freud was visited by a young woman who was being consumed with the idea that his wife was going to be <unk> .
And Freud said that there was something weird in that man , who did n't get rid of what his wife did .
Well , she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking at things that he did his wife , without realizing , involuntary behaviors .
Do you get too much ? Or do n't they accidentally get a man ?
Freud said that man was becoming the <unk> of the unconscious of his wife .
The novels is very good at this .
The novels described very well how jealousy makes us look at intensity , but no precision .
In fact , the more intensely jealous , the more we become residents of fantasy .
And for this reason , I think , jealousy will lead us to do violent or illegal acts .
jealousy leads us to behave in order to behave .
Now I 'm thinking about myself at eight , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news .
A woman from 52 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from which you send <unk> messages , horrible to himself , for a year .
For one year , every year .
She was trying to <unk> the next boyfriend of his former boyfriend , I have to confess that when I was , I reacted with admiration .
Because , let 's be realistic .
How huge , though unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like a novel .
Like a novel <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character from the American literature .
It 's the author of a <unk> , '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> '' -- books that try to jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , can be punch in a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> goes from <unk> or want what you 've got to take your self and get you from what you 've ever got , and it 's under the floor . <unk> your name , it takes your rings , the cow accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you <unk> around the world , as much as I 'd like .
It 's a pity , because we live in a time of envy .
We live in times of jealousy .
I mean , we 're good citizens of social networks , where does the currency be envy ? Right ?
The novels show us the exit ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters are always doing when they 're not safe , when they are at a mystery .
Let 's go to Dr. Street Street and ask for Sherlock Holmes .
When people think about Holmes , think about the <unk> curse at Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always felt [ unclear ] [ <unk> ] <unk> , the <unk> <unk> rat who needs desperately to do , needs to be the genius of Holmes , but it 's annoyed him .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs their help , but it was <unk> , and <unk> with bitterness in each of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The <unk> of The Six <unk> '' , once they come into , it <unk> everybody with their solution , <unk> back to Holmes and says , `` We 're not jealous , Mr. Holmes .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells you that there 's no person in <unk> <unk> who would n't want to raise your hand .
It 's one of the few times that we see Holmes transferred in history . It seems very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a problem of geometry , without emotion .
You know , in a minute , Holmes is the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute , the next side is the same .
Suddenly , <unk> allows you to admire that idea of being him the <unk> .
Could it still be so simple ?
What if jealousy is really a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to get rid of excellence in the other .
We can relate to it .
But I like contingency plans .
So while we wait for that to happen , let 's remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
It 's just fiction to jealousy .
He fiction alone , invites them to the table .
And look what puts it up : the sweet <unk> , the terrifying Tom <unk> , the <unk> <unk> , the very Marcel Proust .
We 're in excellent company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of the Apollo 11 and landed on the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence on the gray surface was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization in the history of America .
To reach the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today , or four percent of the federal budget .
Apollo gave about 400,000 people , and he asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies , universities and agencies .
They died , including the crew of Apollo 1 .
But before the Apollo Apollo program , 24 men went to the moon .
He walked over his surface , which he acted on after the death of Armstrong 's death , is now the most old man .
So why were they ?
They did n't take a lot of a turn : <unk> kilos of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of reflection and the fragility of our common home .
Why were they ? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation was better rockets .
But the words of the <unk> at Rice University in 1962 have a better idea .
John F. <unk> : Some ask , why the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you could also ask , why is it climbing the highest mountain ?
35 years ago , why fly over the Atlantic ?
Why does Rice Rice plays ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because it 's simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War .
At the time , the strongest emotion was the wonder of wonder to the powers of technology .
They were because it was great power to do it .
The landing on the Moon happened in a context of a long list of technology .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the airplane , penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis .
In half of the century , we had thrown polio off , and the smallpox removed .
Technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a sailing boat , but in 1969 , the Apollo 10 flew four miles / hour .
Since 1970 , no human being returned to the moon .
No one has ever traveled faster than Apollo 10 , and joyful optimism about the power of technology has evaporated to see that the problems that we imagined that technology will solve to solve it as to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feed the world population seem to be intractable .
I remember looking at Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me you did n't look at the <unk> tube of the rocket Saturn V .
I knew <unk> that this would be the last mission right , but I was completely sure that I would get to see the colonies on Mars .
So that 's what happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , has become a common place .
We hear it all the time .
We 've heard that over the last two days here , at TED .
It seems like technologists would have been distracted , and had enriched with trivial toys , things like iPhones , apps and social networks , or algorithms that speed the automated selling algorithms .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't address the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a parochial explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that you 've created less ambitious companies than those of the years in which Intel <unk> , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty , specifically the incentives that venture capitalists are offering entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused the creation of ideas to be created by the funding of incremental problems or even fake problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
You know , mostly it 's going wrong in Silicon Valley .
Even when the capitalists capitalists were at their high point without worrying about risk , they preferred small investment , tiny investment that they could get out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had trouble investing in technologies like energy , which need a huge capital and development is in the long run . They have never invested in the development of technologies intended to solve big problems because they do n't have an immediate commercial value .
No , the reasons why we ca n't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes we chose to do n't solve big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But go to Mars would take a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We 're not going to Mars because everybody thinks there 's more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes , we ca n't solve big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of the world 's energy consumption comes from sources of renewables like solar , wind and <unk> -- less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than <unk> .
We want sources of alternative energy that can compete on price .
Now , technologists , entrepreneurs , and economists agree about what policy and international treaties are developing the development of an alternative energy : mostly , a significant increase in research and development of energy , and some kind of control of the price of coal .
But there is no hope in the political climate that we 're going to see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes , the big problems that seemed technological , it turns out not to be .
We know since now that famines are a result of failure in the supply of food .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crises that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crops or systems for storage and supply of food , but there will be famines while there were bad governments .
And finally , the big problems sometimes make a solution , because we do n't understand the problem really .
The president Nixon was declared the war to the cancer in 1971 , but we soon discovered that there are many types of cancer , some incredibly resistant to treatment , and only in the last 10 years seem to be found effective and viable treatments .
The hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can , and we have , but these four elements have to be present : The political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem ; the institutions must support the solution ; it must really be a technological problem , and we need to understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , serves with those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's no <unk> competition like the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy who would get hard and dangerous , and there 's not a popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system .
In general , go to the moon , it turned out to be simple .
I was just three days .
And really , I did n't even address any problem .
We 're alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we 're not missing the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to begin to <unk> the pervasive ideas that you have about trust .
They 're so common that they have become cliches from our society .
I think it 's three .
The first one is a claim : there 's been a huge decrease of trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third one is a task : we should recover trust .
I think the claim , the goal and the task has been wrong .
What I 'm going to try to tell you about today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject .
First of all the claim : Why do people think that trust has come down ?
And if I think about the base of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
It will turn me to think that it may have fallen into some activities or institutions , and that might have risen in others .
I 'm not clear .
But I can turn to the opinion surveys , and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has come down .
When you look at the opinion surveys over time , there 's no evidence of it .
It is to say , the people who are <unk> about 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , follow that same mistrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost in the middle of half .
But is this evidence ?
What the former opinion polls are , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you 're looking at is the generic attitudes that people behave when they get certain questions .
Trust the politicians ? Trust the teachers ?
Now , if somebody asked you , `` Are you going to get into the <unk> ?
<unk> in the fishermen ?
<unk> in elementary school teachers ? ''
I probably wanted to ask , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sane response .
And you might say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I trust some , but in others . ''
What 's very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit the confidence in the way .
We do n't assume that the level of trust we 're going to feel for a certain kind of official , an official or a guy , is going to be uniform in every case .
I could , for example , to say that I trust a certain primary teacher I know to give you the reading class , but no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my most talkative friend to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we have those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is distinct , why are we leaving all that knowledge when we think of trust in more abstract .
I think surveys are really bad tools to measure the real health level , because they 're trying to assess the good judgment in fact that we trust something or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid target .
It 's not that the goal that I was doing .
I would get more confidence in what it 's trusted , but not what it 's not .
Ultimately , I 'm keen not to trust what it 's not reliable .
And I think that those people who were saving their savings with the very rightly called Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think of them , and I think , well , they were too confident .
Having more confidence is not an intelligent target in this life .
Confidence deposited or denied with intelligence , that 's the right target .
Once you say , it says , yeah , yeah , it means that what matters first is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What 's about doing a judgment of how good people are in certain ways .
And I think that we can do a judgment , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are they honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that a person is competent in <unk> subjects , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , on the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but not relied on them to take a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I 've got friends that are very sure that they can do certain things , but I see that we 'll get your own skills .
And I 'm so happy to say that I think I do n't have many friends who are competent and responsible but extremely <unk> .
If this is , I still have n't noticed .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before trust .
So trust is the answer .
trustworthiness is what we have to judge .
And of course it 's hard .
Over the last decades , we 've tried to build systems of accountability for all kinds of institutions , professionals , officials , and so that we got them easier to judge their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see the problem , it takes longer to do the administrative paperwork that I 'm going to attend to itself . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life , and institutional , that the accountability system that is destined to ensure trustworthiness and evidence of trustworthiness , is actually doing the opposite .
What they do is they get the work of the people who have to do difficult tasks , like the midwives , so we 're going to call the boxes , '' as we say .
I 'm sure all of you know similar examples .
All of that , for the goal .
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if you 're worthy of trust , and we will give them to the people that we are reliable and if we 're able to determine whether other people , officials or politicians are worthy of trust .
It 's not easy . It 's judgment , simple actions , attitudes , which does n't do properly .
Third , the task .
<unk> the task to rebuild the confidence , puts things upside down .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if it 's two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because they give us other people .
You ca n't reconstruct what other people have given you .
You have to give them the databases so you can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , because you ca n't cheat , usually , all the time , all the time .
But you also have to be able to give you <unk> evidence that you 're worthy of trust .
How do we do that ?
That 's done every day , everywhere , it does the common people , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I buy my socks says that I can return them without giving explanations .
I take them and give me the money , or you change it by the color that I want .
That 's great . I trust them because they themselves became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson on that .
If you come vulnerable to the other side , that 's a very good proof that you 're worthy of trust and you have trust in what you 're saying .
So , in the end , I think that what we 're aiming at is not something very hard to tell .
What people trust is in relationships , and in that frame , you can determine when and how the other person is trusted .
Thank you .
Now , from the beginning of computers , we 've been spending spending work to reduce the separation between us and digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where the imagination can be <unk> .
This separation has been shrinking , increasingly , and more , as it is today from less than one millimeter , the thickness of the glass of a touch screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I ask myself , and if there were no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be .
First , I created this tool that gets into the digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen transfers their physical body to the pixels .
Designers can make their ideas directly into 3D , and surgeons can practice virtual organs under the screen .
So with this tool , they break the barriers .
But the two hands remain still outside the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands ?
In the Open Science division of Microsoft , along with my <unk> <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work .
I combined a transparent bombsight with the depth of motion to detect your fingers and the face , now you can lift your hands on the keyboard , get inside of the 3D space , and grab the pixels directly with your hands .
As the windows and archives have a location in real space , <unk> is as easy as grab a shelf book .
You can flip through the book and you can highlight lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that 's down on every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands .
In these examples , we 're typing in the digital world .
And if we invest the roles and make the digital information come to us ?
Surely , many of us would have bought and <unk> things over the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry .
So what I 've got here is an online virtual virtual Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head or clear when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we took this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing the pixels in space , how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them ?
What would be like a future ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my adviser Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator <unk> Post , we created this only physical pixel .
This spherical magnet behaves like a 3D pixel in space , which means that the computer as the users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was <unk> gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors .
And by programming digitally the object , we released it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can adapt and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach them physically and a distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan , you can reproduce as a physical reality , the times we want .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts as the movement of the planets , the physics , and unlike the monitors or the textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you see , digital information is not just going to show you something , but that we will begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world around us without we have to get rid of our world .
We started today talking about a barrier , but if we suppress that barrier , the only limit that is our imagination is .
Thank you .
I became <unk> to become <unk> for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in the first grade , the government wanted to beat a school for athletes to athletes .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they believed strongly that there was only an accurate path to happiness : a safe , good job .
No matter if the job I 'd like or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer has to start <unk> from very young to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of the school and the host of a radio program .
But no adult <unk> the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends were supportive , but they were kids , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew it was already too much to train .
My dream will never happen .
I was afraid , that during the rest of my life , a second class happiness is the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I resolved to look for another calling .
No one around me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
<unk> the books .
[ `` Works <unk> '' from <unk> . ) [ `` Save <unk> '' ] [ `` Solar <unk> '' ] I came to the United States in 1995 , and what were the first books that we have here ?
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Good Earth '' is about the Chinese Chinese life .
And it 's not convenient to do . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but odd .
That 's one issue for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation : `` Tell your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better to obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this <unk> trap , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
And I found myself with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit .
It takes a lot of perspectives .
For example , this map seemed to me out of place , because this is what the students in China learn .
It had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
Now , comparative reading is not new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There 's to research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature .
Comparing and contrast , offers to academics with a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked for research , why do n't we do it also in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
You can be able to be people , `` Benjamin Franklin , '' ] [ `` John Adams '' from David <unk> ] that they were involved in the same way , or friends with shared experiences .
For the Christ , temptation are economic , political and spiritual .
For Buddha , it 's all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- Interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The pathway of <unk> Tzu '' ] Thomas <unk> .
For example , it 's through the translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` fast joy . '' Ha !
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . ''
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know that I would n't be able to feel or powerless .
Having a broken dream is really not compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that fulfillment is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
And to a war-torn dream , you can do that for you .
And it 's because of books , I 'm here , happy , living again with purpose and clearly , most of the time .
So the books always join them .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client for psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a woman 's woman named Alex .
Alex came in the first session using jeans and a stumbled across , he went on the couch of my office took away the shoes and told me he wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My class mate had a <unk> .
And to me , I was struck by a <unk> I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the <unk> stories that Alex brought to the sessions , it made me easy to just move my head while I would get the solution .
<unk> is the 30s , '' he said Alex , and so I saw , she was right .
You start to work later , go home after , you have kids later , until the death goes after .
For sure as Alex and I had time enough .
But soon after , my supervisor , I pushed myself to push Alex to Alex who would talk about his loving life .
I was resistant .
I said , `` Sure , he 's coming out with guys underneath your category , he sits down with a head , but it 's not like he 's got married with him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Not yet , but maybe they marry the next .
Also , the best time to work in Alex 's marriage is before she marry . ''
This is what psychologists call a moment `` Aha . ''
It was when I realized that the '30s are not new <unk> .
Yes , people feel head after what used to be used , but this did n't have the <unk> of Alex being a pause in their development .
This made the <unk> of Alex the perfect moment and we were wasting it .
So I realized that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem , and it had real consequences , not only for Alex and his loving life , but for race , families and futures of everywhere .
There are 50 million <unk> in America today .
That means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if they think no one is coming to adulthood without passing before the <unk> .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , they love a mid-20s , you take away your sleep , a Venezuelan , I want to see . It 's okay . Incredible , really matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will spend 35 years .
This means eight of 10 decisions and experiences and `` aha ! '' that shapes their life to have happened to be 30 and so many .
They do n't panic over 40 , not panic .
This audience is going to be fine , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on how much money they will win .
We know that more than half of Americans are married , they live , or they 're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30 .
We know that the brain ends its second and last stage of growth in their <unk> and <unk> to adulthood , which means that if there 's something that you want to change from themselves , now is the moment to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during their <unk> than at any other time in life , and we know that female fertility arrives at the top 28 , and things become complicated at 35 .
<unk> are the moment for education on their body and their choices .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial to language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment where its everyday life has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear often is that there 's something called the adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what <unk> are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
The researchers call them an extended teenager .
Journalists were <unk> names of <unk> as `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality what is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to make great things , you need a plan and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think that happens when you give a third to a exaggerate in your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person to the sense of urgency and ambition and absolutely nothing .
And then every day , smart , interesting <unk> , like you or your kids and daughters come to my office and say something like that , `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that while I start a career before 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are for <unk> and I have nothing to show .
I had better report on the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this : `` My dating during the <unk> were like the chairs of chairs .
Everybody ran out , but then at some point around the 30 , the music turned off , and they all started to sit .
I did n't want to be the only one who was standing standing , so I sometimes think that I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the ones here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a little bit extreme , but no mistake , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's a huge pressure on the 1930s , and so many of us started a career , choose a city , choose a couple , and having two or three children in a much more short period of time .
Many of these things are not compatible , and there 's research that starts to show , which is much harder and stressful to do everything in the '30s .
The middle age crisis is not about buying red sports cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
You know , you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
Many <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and me , sitting in the room , and they talk about her <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what they 're doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At the 25 , Emma got to my office because he was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said he 'd like to work in art or entertainment , but you still ca n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a <unk> .
As it was cheaper , he lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperament than ambition .
And even though I live a lot of hard <unk> , their previous life had been even harder .
They often go regularly in our sessions , but then she was getting up , she said , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I 'd just bought a new book book , and he had spent all the morning <unk> with his many contacts , but then he kept seeing the empty space that goes after the words , `` In case of emergency , please name ... ''
I was at the point of hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of me if he gives me cancer ? ''
At that time , it took me a lot of work to resist and not to say , `` Aye . ''
What she needed was n't a <unk> that really would be worried .
She needed a better life , and I knew that this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decisive decade of Emma was going to go ahead .
So for the next few weeks and months , I said to Emma three things that all Venezuelan , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I told Emma that I forget about that crisis of identity and <unk> identity .
For identity capital , I mean doing something that added value to your person .
Doing something that 's an investment in what they want to be later .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital generates capital of identity .
So now it 's time for that work of the other side of the country , from that boarding school , that you want to test .
I 'm not <unk> exploration , I 'm <unk> exploration that I should n't count , which , by the way , is not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma that would explore jobs and he would do it .
Second , I told Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you to the airport , but the ones that come together with friends with similar minds are limited to whom you know , what they think about , how they think about , how they think , and where they 're working .
That new piece of capital , that new person who comes out almost always comes from outside of their circle closest .
The new things come from what they 're called weak friends of friends of their friends .
Yes , half of them have a bad job or do n't have a job .
But the other half do n't , and the weak ties are the way we get to this group .
Half of the work created never released , then knowing the chief of your neighbor is the way to get a job of work .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how the information happens .
Finally , not least , Emma thinks you do n't choose his family , but I know his friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but as <unk> , Emma soon joined his family , when he has a mate and form his own family .
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better old to sit down your head than 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But choose the person who you live in now or you 're going to tell you now when everyone on Facebook start to walk towards the altar is not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that involves being as intentional as intentional as you 're at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead to do it work or kill time with whoever you nominate them .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well , we looked at that phone phone , and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state .
This weak link helped him get a job there .
That job supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that she lived with .
Now , five years later , it 's particularly special events in museums .
This married married man who chose consciously .
She loves his new career , he loves her new family , and I send a letter to say , `` Now the emergency workers are not big enough . ''
The story of Emma may sound easy , but that 's what I love to work with .
It 's very easy to help you .
<unk> are like airplanes that come out from L.A. airport , which comes somewhere in the West .
Just before takeoff , a light fit in its trajectory makes the difference between land in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , at the same way , at the same way , at the age of 21 , and even on the 29 , a good conversation , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects over the next few years or even the next generation .
Here 's my kind of worth spreading to all the ones that you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex .
It 's what I have the privilege of telling us about saying Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their adulthood , get identity capital , use their weak ties , choose your family .
They do n't know what they did n't know or what they did n't .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 , I left a very picky job in management consultant by a job that was even more picky about the teaching .
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh grade schools in New York City schools .
And as any teacher , I applied testing and testing .
I gave them assignments .
When the work goes back , <unk> grades .
What I call the attention was that I.Q . was n't the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of those who had a better performance had no <unk> scores .
Some of my smartest kids were n't going so good .
And that got me thinking .
The kind of thing that you need to learn in seventh grade in seventh grade , safe , are difficult : proportions , <unk> , the area of a parallelogram .
But these concepts are not impossible , and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time .
After several years , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a modern perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know about how we measure better .
It 's the <unk> , but what happens if you succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn how to make it fast and easy ?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point .
We tried to predict what we 're trying to do with military training and who would be <unk> .
We went to the National <unk> of <unk> , and we tried to predict what kids were getting possible in the competition .
We studied teachers <unk> working in really hard neighborhoods , which teachers are still teaching them for the end of the school year and of those , who will be the most effective in improving the learning outcomes of their students ?
We teamed up with private companies , wondering , which of these marketers are going to keep their job job ?
And who is going to make more money ?
In all those very different contexts , one feature arose as a major predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good appearance , the physical health and it was n't I.Q .
It was determination .
determination is passion and perseverance to achieve very long term .
determination is to have resistance .
Guilt is embracing your future , day after day , not just a week , not just for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality .
determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a career at all .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in public schools in Chicago .
I asked thousands of high school students to do my determination questionnaires , and then I waited about more than a year to see those who would be trafficked .
It turns out that the children with more determination had significantly greater than graduate , even when I paired them in every feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of standardized tests , even the safety they felt when they were in school .
So it 's not just the West Point or the National <unk> of <unk> in which matters . It 's also in school , especially for children at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know , how little we know the science about development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do we development in the children ?
What should I do to teach children a firm ethic work ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is , I do n't know . What I know is that talent do n't give you purpose .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who are simply not following their commitments .
In fact , in our data , minority determination is not related , or it 's even related to arrogant .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing the determination in the children is something called `` growth mindset . ''
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and it grows in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to get them when they fail , because they do n't think that 's a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop resolve .
But we need more .
And that 's where I finish my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have ahead of .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure if you 've been successful , and we need to be willing to fail , to get wrong , to start everything again with the lessons that we learned .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our kids more certain .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan like the daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> the beauty , the shape and the shape of the Chinese characters .
From that moment , I was obsessed with this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems as impenetrable as the Great Wall Wall .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can break down this wall , so that whatever you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it .
I started thinking about how a new method of learning Chinese could be useful .
Since I was five years old , I started to learn how to draw each character 's strokes in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Since we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and simple way .
This is a Chinese academic , 20 characters .
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , menus of restaurants , understand the basic idea of web pages or newspapers .
I 'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as possible until it 's square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if they were shouting <unk> , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol is actually originally originally from the form of it , but I like to believe it 's the other way .
This is a tree .
tree tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of gates of an <unk> in the old West .
And I call these eight characters .
They 're building blocks so that they believe many more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's going to follow . ''
As the old saying , two are company , three are a crowd .
If one person reaches their arms , this person is saying , `` It was so big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person 's stuck .
It 's a prisoner , just like <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we have the forest .
Put a board under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth over the tree , that 's an idiot . Easy to remember , because a tree <unk> is a pretty idiot .
Do you remember fire ?
Two fires together , it gets very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of fire .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burning .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , prosperous .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun , and the shining moon together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon . <unk> .
A door . Put a board inside the door , it 's the firmware inside the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
<unk> , played there 's somebody at home ?
This person is coming out hidden from a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful .
So we 've already passed through 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radicals will allow you to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every little effort , you 'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters , which is the same thing that learns a Chinese eight-year-old .
So after meeting the characters , we started creating phrases .
For example , the mountain and the fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the emerging sun .
This is a sun placed with the origin , because Japan is east of China .
So a sun next to the origin , we created Japan .
A person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two mountains stacked over the other .
In ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their politicians beyond the mountains .
Today , the exile has become coming out .
A mouth that tells you where to come out is an exit .
This is a slide to remind me that I have to stop talking and down the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be my dad is the movies I come to see .
I love to share my favorite movies with my kids , and when my daughter was four , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The film mastered his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave him a good excuse to wear a brilliant dress and wearing a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live , and we raise our children in a kind of an industrial fantasy industrial shows .
However , the magician 's magician was an event in itself .
It did n't start that trend .
And the trend trend took up 40 years later with , curiously , another movie whose protagonists , a little metal guy and a <unk> <unk> guy who was dressed up in the enemy .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two films , there 's a couple of big differences between The magician 's magician and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there 's very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are quite aggressive , like the apple .
But I think if the magician 's magician do today , the magician would say : Dorothy , are the salvation of Oz like prophecy .
You use magic shoes to defeat armies , generated by the computer of evil <unk> .
But that 's not what happens .
The other unique thing about The magician 's magician is that the most heroic , wise characters , and they 're even helpful .
I began to notice this when I did see `` Star Wars '' to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I also had a son .
Just three years old .
He was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of surveillance was down . And so she slid in the room and was shocked as a mom , with his stones behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but , <unk> all .
I wonder what a breakthrough .
Would you be value , perseverance and loyalty ?
Should he have a sense that Luke get one military to overthrowing the government ?
Let 's contrast this with the magician 's magician .
How do Dorothy Dorothy his movie ?
We do good things with everyone and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow to grow , OK , and not a world of men who are fighting , which is where we are .
Why is there so much food force , F , power in the movies for our children , and so little on the road of yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence in the girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Now , I know because the princess princess does n't give you the right framework that was served to navigate the world of adults who is mixed . I think that at the first kiss , I really hoped that the loans started to appear because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is done , I have my girlfriend .
Why are they standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The films they focus on beat a villain and get their reward , and do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a suit of warrior .
There are many exceptions , and defend Disney princess at any of you .
But they send a message to the kids , even though they , the kids , are not really their goal .
They do a phenomenal job when I teach girls how to protect the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some big women who write new stories for our children , so real and lovely as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies .
Of course , the most successful issue of all time continues on appearing on classic on classic after classical , each of them about the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and their son , or two men who breed a child .
So , as many of you are thinking , this year , eventually it came out a conversation .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in stores .
Do you remember what criticism was said when it came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let that stop !
Well , almost none of these films passes the <unk> test .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's still not thrown roots and it spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that he had had with a friend of the evaluation of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There 's only three questions that you need to do : In the movie , there 's more than a female character that has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something else about the guy who 's so much about the guy that they like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and talk about things each other .
It happens . I 've seen it , and yet I see it , and yet I see it in the movies that we know and love .
In fact , this week I went to see a very good quality film , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> from Oscar , box success , a consensus idea of what a Hollywood movie is .
Virtually , not the test of <unk> .
And I do n't think I should , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the movie happens in a embassy where men and women hide during the hostage crisis .
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this spot , and it 's the great moment for one of the actresses , and I 'll take a look at the door and say , `` You come to bed , honey ?
This is Hollywood .
So <unk> in the numbers .
In 2011 , from the 100 more popular movies , how many of them believe they have female actors ?
Eleven . Not bad .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women who have chosen recently for Congress , so it 's fine .
But there 's a bigger number that this is going to be disappointed with this room .
Last year , The New York Times ran a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says that it 's been sexually assaulted once in their life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for children have something to do with that .
I do n't think that music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something goes wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is that there 's a huge amount of sexual <unk> .
Who are those guys ? What are they learning ?
What do they do ?
Are you <unk> the story that says the role of a male hero is beat a villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who does n't have friends and do n't speak ?
Now , are we <unk> that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world and this very alarming statistic , and we want to <unk> .
We have tools at our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we hope that it will help , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> is going to get rid of if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our kids to keep your male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I mean most of the parents .
I think we have to show our children 's new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You 've heard about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the <unk> .
It 's all changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character of Star Wars , you know what he said ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What are these two ?
Maybe it 's not just the brilliant dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than no one , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to reach their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of story for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories where I tell my son , and he will go and struggle and struggle and more stories where it looked at a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and be better people , like the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I was living in Maine , and one of the things that I liked most was looking for sea cookies on the shores of Maine , because my parents told me that that would be lucky to me .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I got used to look for them .
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me to <unk> .
This became a passion for finding things , in love for the past and archeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I 'm seeing with my own eyes was n't enough .
Because suddenly in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of nearly 1.3 miles of length along the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown into the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try to make a map of the past , I knew I had to do otherwise .
So I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared .
This is a place in the Eastern Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in plain sight , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared and processing it using false color , suddenly the place looks like bright pink .
What you 're seeing is the real chemical changes in the landscape by the building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we used satellite data to find an old <unk> city called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place lies in the <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of ancient art , Egyptian art and religion .
<unk> have always known that <unk> was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that they built , indicated within the red circles here , but somewhere within this big , it 's going somewhere into this huge floor of deluge .
This area is enormous , it 's about six miles per mile .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> , and as it changed over time , they moved to this one , and covered the whole city .
So how do you find a city below a large landscape ?
I 'll try to find out the chance of looking for a needle in a haystack , with his eyes blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we use NASA organizing data to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile was going to see .
But you can see more deeply , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here , which we think could be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists making sampling jobs ; you can see here .
When I mean to sampling , it 's like the demos of the ice shows in ice , but instead of climate change climate , we 're looking for layers of human occupation .
Five meters below , under a thick , thick layer of <unk> objects .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years that date out of the Middle Middle Empire , exactly the same period that we think is <unk> .
We also found <unk> jobs -- <unk> , quartz and cat .
This might seem like it 's not very much , but when we think about the most common stones , used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation that data of the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry shop that demonstrates that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We still do n't find <unk> here , but we 're going to fit in place in a near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in using satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire of the Middle Empire , it 's probably written in <unk> .
Let me share knowledge is the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So apparently , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Make ideas really started in 1984 B.C in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high .
It certainly puts out the search for virtual shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite your eyes to close .
Imagine standing outside , front of the door of <unk> .
I 'd like to pay attention to the color of the door , the material that it 's made of .
Now I 'm going to have a group of obese Nation .
They 're competing in a bike bike race and they 're going to address your entry door .
I need to look at this .
They 're strong <unk> , they 're sweating , they 're going to take a lot .
And they collide against the door of their house .
There 's bicycles flying all over , wheels which goes on to the side of the wheels that end up in <unk> places , <unk> the threshold of the door .
In the foyer , in the hallway , or what 's going on to the other side of the door , and watch the quality of light , the light 's shining on the <unk> of <unk> .
It 's waving with the hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel your blue fur by doing tickling your nose .
You can smell the oats of porridge , and pass it out to get into the mouth .
<unk> on one side and enter your living room .
Already in the room , and making some use of your imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
It 's with little clothes , dancing over your downtown desk , singing `` <unk> me Baby One Time More Time . ''
Now follow me in the kitchen .
The ground has been covered with a yellow bricks path , and from the oven come to you Dorothy , the Man of <unk> , <unk> and `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> out of the hands , <unk> for you .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that 's been conducted by every spring in New York City .
It 's called the <unk> of <unk> in the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting , I guess , that this was like the end of a <unk> of wise .
There were several men and a few different ages of different ages and different habits .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them just once .
They had the names of dozens and dozens of strangers .
<unk> whole poems in just minutes .
And so he <unk> to see who he could memorize them faster , the order of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is incredible . ''
These people must be phenomena of nature .
And I started talking with some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and he has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when did you realize you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody who 's involved in this competition say they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to perform these miraculous images of memory using some ancient techniques , invented two 2,500 years ago in Greece , the same techniques that they used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that medieval academics used to memorize whole books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How do I have heard of this before ? ''
We were standing out of the room of the competition , and Ed , who is a wonderful , brilliant English , but a bit of a <unk> , said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Have you meet Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears has how to memorize the order on a deck of cards in live live , on national television .
That will prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
I mean , you have to start something ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey to me .
I finished spending most of the next year , not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why does n't it work and what your potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man named <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely with the worst memory in the world .
Her memory was so bad that he had n't even reminded that I had a memory problem ; it 's awesome .
Someone incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows you to see what extent our memory makes us who we are .
At the other end of the spectrum I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He was based on the role of <unk> Hoffman in the movie `` Rain Man . ''
We went an afternoon in the public library of Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books ; it was locking .
And as I returned , I read a number of treaties on memory written a little over 2,000 years ago in Latin , in the <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time that this idea of having trained , disciplined and cultured was not a thing as rare as you might look like today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made possible our modern world , but they 've also changed us .
We 've changed culturally , and I would say that we have changed as well .
As we have almost no need to remember , sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where you still find passionate people for this idea of a trained , disciplined and cultured memory is this very unique competition .
It 's not really so unique ; there are skills like this around the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people are doing .
A few years ago , a group of researchers from University College in London invited a group of memory champions , in the lab .
They wanted to know : Is it brains in some form of brains , or fundamentally different from the rest of us ?
The answer was , not .
Are they smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a battery test , and the answer was actually not .
There was yet a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that you compared to .
When they put them in an MRI machine , <unk> their brains while <unk> numbers and faces and forms of snow , they found that in the memory champions , the memory of the brain , different to others .
They actually used them , or seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something we can learn from this ?
The tournament in the competitive trajectory is ongoing as an armed career where every year comes with a new way of remembering more things , more quickly , and then the rest of the competitors must get a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On his desk , in front of him , there 's 36 <unk> of messy cards that he 's about to try to memorize in an hour , using a technique that he invented and that only mastered .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of random random digits .
Yes .
And while there 's a huge amount of ways to remember things in these skills , absolutely all the techniques used to the end is reduced to one concept that psychologists call `` coding <unk> . ''
It 's illustrates with a elegant paradox known as the <unk> paradox , says the next thing : I tell two people who remember the same word . And I say to you . `` Remember there 's a man named Baker . ''
That 's his name .
And then I 'm asking you , `` Remember there 's a <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I ask them , `` Do you remember that word I told you a while . ''
`` Do you remember what was it ? ''
The person who said that their name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who told her work is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different ability to remember -- that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well my name Baker , actually does n't mean anything for you .
All the other memories are dancing by your head .
But the word , `` <unk> '' -- we know what it .
They use white hats .
They have flour .
They 're good when they come back home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when we did that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> for <unk> <unk> at some later .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data about 2,500 years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's known as the `` palace . ''
The story goes like this : There was a poet named <unk> I attended a potluck .
They had been hired as entertainment , because before , if he wanted to give a very good party , he was n't brought to a DJ , he would hire a poet .
He stood up , <unk> his memory poem , and left , and as soon as it was , the hall 's room collapsed .
They were killing everyone .
But not only killed them all , but it shattered the bodies , and they were left .
No one could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting .
So you could n't afford the <unk> .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing out , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed my eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind , I could see where I 'd been sitting every guest .
He took the familiar with the family 's relatives where they were their loved ones between the rubble .
What <unk> took at that moment is something that we all know about , or less intuitively , and that is that no matter if we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and spatial space .
If I was reminded of the first 10 words in the history that I 've just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to be very difficult to do that .
But I would bet that if you tell them to say who I was sitting on the horse <unk> in your lobby , you would be able to <unk> it .
The idea of the memory of the memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and <unk> images with the things that you want to remember , the more crazy , crazy , funny , funny , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> image .
This is an advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , to the first treated of memory in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and you want to do it from the same way , the same way that I would know if you had been invited by about 2,000 years ago .
What you could do is imagine they 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some sort of ridiculous , crazy , unforgettable image , to help you remember that the first thing that you want to mention is that competition is completely broken .
And then you can imagine moving into your house , and seeing the <unk> of the Max Ed .
And that would remind you that you want to introduce Ed Cook 's friend .
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that they want to count .
And then he 'd come in the kitchen , and the fourth topic that they would talk about would be that strange journey that made a whole year , and they have some friends to help them remember it .
So this is like the Roman speakers <unk> their speeches , not word for word , which goes to confuse them , but typical by typical .
In fact , the term `` typical '' comes from the Greek <unk> , which means `` place . ''
It 's a <unk> of when people thought about speaking and rhetoric with this kind of space space .
The phrase `` first , '' it would be like the first place in your memory palace .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got stuck with it .
I went to some of these memory skills , and I had the idea of writing something long about this lowercase <unk> subculture .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is a slightly boring event .
So seriously , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting on taking tests . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when somebody gets rid of the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people , but I have no access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in his place .
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sit at the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an ancient school repertoire bought in a <unk> market .
And I discovered that this was entertaining .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was entertaining , because it was n't just about training the memory .
What 's actually about doing is to make it better and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , absurd and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of the mind .
I was hooked with this .
This is me , using my standard training team for the memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and a bunch of security glasses with tape leaving just two <unk> , because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
I ended up coming back back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . He had the idea that I could enter , in a kind of participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this might be a good epilogue for my whole research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the competition , something that I did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's cute power to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , and shopping lists , but actually this is not the point .
These are just tricks .
Because they are based on very basic principles about how the brain works .
And you do n't need to put it up to build the memory of memory or memorize cards , to benefit with a little bit of insight on how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was about an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The big memories get educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
We 're looking at it when we focus deeply .
The palace -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us <unk> .
It took a kind of deep processing , kind of a complete attention that most of us are n't going to go around .
But the reality is there is no shortcuts .
That 's how things make you memorable .
And if there 's something that I want to leave you with today , it 's what <unk> , the <unk> that I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I let me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence on the Blackberries or iPhone , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who is walking around , and we will be so successful that we do n't even get involved in process process ?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capacities for all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you have to be the kind of person that remember remembering .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex topic , so let 's just take a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm from N. Jersey , I was six and I lived there at home from my parents in a village called <unk> , and this was my child bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom I shared with my sister .
And between my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there 's everybody spent time watching TV , so every time I went from my room to the bathroom , they all saw me , and every time I got stuck and I would go back into a towel , you all see me .
And I was like this .
It was awkward , insecure and hated it .
<unk> that journey , I hated that balcony , I hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Okay .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , no division of zones , but those emotional connections , emotional connections that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's no wonder that we feel like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , they spend 90 percent of their time under roof .
I mean , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
Architecture determines in ways that we do n't even realize it .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what it raises you : think in power , `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know that they think about it by based on a building and a half thousand years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that the architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We used it 200 years ago to build banks .
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century , we used it to build houses .
Look , these stable <unk> , solid <unk> , in front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is terrifying .
It 's costly , it takes a long time and it 's very complicated .
The people who build . The <unk> and governments , are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use shapes that they know are going to work .
So we found ourselves with buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library that was finished in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it has a dome ; it has this round thing , columns , red brick , which leave <unk> what 's trying to communicate with this building : the kids , the property values , the story .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , the other side of the country , was completed another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we used the media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet , read and share .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works by the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side there is innovation ; the architects that constantly drive new technologies , new selves , new solutions for the life of life .
We 're going to take it out , we took it more and we 've gotten so much , that we got out of all of the people .
Now , all of the black , it 's depressing . You think we feel good , but we 're dead inside because we have no option .
We have to go on the other side and come back to us with those appreciated symbols .
So we do that , and we 're all happy , but we 're feeling like <unk> , so we start experimenting again , we 're going to swing the pendulum back to , again and again . So we 've done it in the last 300 years , and of course , in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called `` <unk> . ''
It 's got to do with the concrete .
That 's what you can guess .
<unk> small , scale dehumanizing .
Something really really hard .
So we get to the '80s , and we start to incorporate those symbols .
I 'm going to hold the pendulum back in the other direction .
We take those ways we know that we like and <unk> .
<unk> neon and added vegetable , and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give <unk> .
We took refuge and we turned them into skyscrapers , which can be Lake made made of glass .
The shapes got <unk> , they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
Prisoners grew up to the size of buildings .
madness .
But it was the '80s , that was great .
We all spend time in commercial malls , we move to the neighborhoods , and there , in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean , the French or the Italian .
You may have an endless range of bread .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens with the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , recreating memories of other places .
I know very well , and you all know , this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
The architects feel frustrated , and we start to swing the pendulum again in the other direction .
In the '80s , in the early '90s , we started experimenting with the so-called <unk> .
<unk> the historical symbols -- we now have new <unk> techniques , and we found ourselves with new compositions , and a few ways that are embedded against other forms .
This is academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you 're totally <unk> .
Normally , the pendulum <unk> back in the opposite direction .
But then , something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building opened .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , Frank Gehry .
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academics and public and general were completely aware of a building .
The New York Times <unk> this construction of miracle .
tourism in Bilbao was in a 2,500 percent of when the building was finished .
So suddenly , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these forms , wild and radical , how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media would spread around them , and we quickly learned that these shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these forms .
The major mayors of the world did .
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon is the beginning of the new millennium country with other stars .
And I went to astrophysics and Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects in the new millennium , actually started to happen with all architecture , digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think , for example , how architecture consumed .
A thousand years ago , you 'd have to have walked into the next village to see a building .
The transportation goes down : they can take a ship , an airplane , can be tourists .
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we all are photographers from architecture , and the building is transported beyond its physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It 's not a long time to think about a building .
It takes a long time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings more , before I know if the one I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
That 's how we find ourselves with buildings like this .
The <unk> was not a <unk> move , but 20 years old .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much the <unk> .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we 're at the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the concrete of the concrete , the steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the pendulum applies to the media , the media is starting to swing faster and faster , until you 're in both extremes , almost <unk> , and actually we would be aware of the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the audience .
Now we can make symbols almost <unk> , with emotional charge , something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works on a project that my company ended recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> Island , in the state of New York .
It 's a community of vacation .
But that meant that two years before the building was finished , the community was already part of the community , and like the drawings looked exactly the product of the finished , no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people began to reach out and share it in social media , the building stopped being a building , it became a media , because these are not just images of a building , it 's the images that one did the building .
And as you use them to tell their story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes it <unk> with the collective memory , and by getting these symbols , we learn .
That is , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but they have changed the relationship between us and buildings .
Think about a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building was built today , first we 're going to go to the Internet for new libraries .
I 'd be bombarded by examples of experimentation , innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that can lead to the mayor of <unk> , the <unk> people , and tell them there 's no unique response to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experiment .
It 's all different now .
The architects are no longer these mysterious creatures that use <unk> words and complicated drawings , and you 're no longer a hapless public who does n't accept something I had n't seen before .
The architects can listen , and you do n't leave to intimidate for architecture .
That means that the pendulum <unk> one style to another , from one move to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different to our buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad imitation of red brick , based on ideas of what a stadium should be .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we 're finally ready for the shapes that are going to produce .
That means that the buildings will fit to the whims of nature and not the opposite .
This means that a parking garage in Miami in Miami , Florida , can also serve for sport or yoga , or even you can get married at night .
This means that three architects can dream of swimming in the East River River , and raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause , it 's no longer a customer .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this small pavilion of <unk> , so bully and <unk> like the animals that are going to look at .
Because no matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what it matters is what we build .
Architects already know how to make more green , smarter and kinder buildings .
We 've been waiting for you to all .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
The buildings not only reflect our society , but they give them a way to the smaller spaces , local libraries , households where we formed our kids , and step in the bedroom to the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned out a year and he started walking .
And it makes it so great , typical of the children of a year , <unk> , as if his body was moving too fast for their legs .
It 's totally precious .
And one of the things that we like to do for the moment is look in the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
He laughs and <unk> , and he gives himself these big kisses and wet .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of his friends do this , and my mom tells me I used to do it . And he made me think , when do I try to do this ?
How do we suddenly be comfortable with our appearance ?
Because , apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as a teenager , it just wants to be darling and fit in .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for next week in school .
It 's got a little bit of fear , it 's a little confused because , although his mom tells him all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , somebody says it 's ugly .
Among what his mom tells you and what his friends , or classmates , say , does n't know who to believe .
So it does a video of her itself , he publishes it on YouTube , and he asks others that please leave a comment : `` I 'm beautiful or I 'm ugly ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has gotten more than 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so unpleasant that it does n't even deserve worth of thinking about them .
We 're talking about a healthy , normal teenager , who receives these responses in one of the most vulnerable life in life .
Thousands of people are publishing films like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate in this way .
But what 's driving them to do this ?
Well , the teenagers today are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure to be online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving `` I like , '' by mentioning , by sharing , publishing , this is never done .
We 've never been so connected , in a continuous way , such as young , so young .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like a party in your bedroom every night . ''
There is simply no privacy .
And the social pressures that goes from the hand with that are cold .
This environment , of being always connected , is <unk> our kids to <unk> based on the number of `` I like that '' and the kinds of comments that they receive .
There is no divide between a living online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what 's real or what it is n't .
And also , it 's very hard to know the difference between what 's authentic and what defined digitally .
What 's the biggest thing in someone 's life in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are you looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers from the girls ' news .
<unk> feet are still dominating our <unk> .
The technique of <unk> is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , <unk> , <unk> and # <unk> .
For those of you who <unk> it , # <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what young people compare .
But the kids are not immune to this .
Like the superheroes of the sports stars , the <unk> stars .
But what 's the problem with all this ?
Well , we certainly want our kids to grow healthy , and they 're good individuals .
But in a culture obsessed with the image , we 're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental endeavor to their appearance , at the price of all other aspects of their identity .
Things like your relationships , the development of their physical capabilities , their studies and other ways start to suffer .
Six of every 10 girls would prefer not to do something because they think they 're not seeing enough .
These are not trivial activities .
These are fundamental activities for growth as humans and as a taxpayer to society and the field of labor development .
31 percent , almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments , and they 're going to engage in the classroom arguments because they do n't want to call attention for their physical side .
One of five are not attending class at all during the days when they 're not comfortable with it .
And in the exam season , if you do n't think you see good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a smaller note to the average of your fellow who do n't care about appearance .
And this phenomenon has been widespread in Finland , United States and China .
And it turns out regardless of what these young people are weigh .
So , in order to make it very clear , we 're talking about how you look , not how you 're really .
It 's low self-esteem on your body 's academic performance .
And it 's also health care .
The teenagers are doing less physical activity , they eat less fruit and vegetables , they 're participating in more diets , not healthy that they can take them into a food mess .
They have low self-worth .
They 're more easily <unk> by the people around them and they 're at greatest risk of depression .
And we think that 's all why they make decisions more risky , like consumption of alcohol and drugs , dramatic diet , aesthetic surgery , the sex of early ages and no protection and damage .
The search for the perfect body is pushing to the health care system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they 're overweight again , regardless of whether they have or do n't have higher rates of rates .
17 percent of women do n't show up to a job interview in a day where they 're not secure with the way you see .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that be that opportunity ?
<unk> this potential is interest for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , it does n't just take you so far .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key shapes . The first is that we have to nurture trust in your own body .
We have to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth .
The good news is that there are a lot of software available to do it .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was really surprised when I learned that many well-meaning programs do n't realize , make the situation worse .
So , we have to make sure that the program that our children follow is not only a positive impact , but also a durable impact .
And research studies show that the best programs focused on six key areas . The first one is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six things are key points for anyone willing to provide an education of body self-esteem that works .
An education is fundamental , but address this problem requires each of us to take the reins on the issue and be a better model to follow by women and girls in our own lives .
challenging the status of the current status of women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to have the input of our politicians in hair or the size of their breasts , or the size of their breasts , or we imply that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judging the people who are , not as you see .
All of us can start by doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comment that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you would have a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as businesses , to change our culture , so that our kids will grow to grow valuing their entire person , by valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put the people who really make a difference on a pedestal .
It 's going to make a difference in the real world , let 's make them be the ones that come out on the big screen , because we just create a different world .
A world where our kids are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they 're seeing , never the ones who are , or to reach out what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for somebody in their lives .
Who are in mind ?
Are your wife ?
His sister ?
His daughter ?
Have his niece ? A friend ?
It could be simply the woman who 's at two seats away . What would it mean for her if it was released from that <unk> voice in his inner , that haunts him for not having long legs , just thighs , a <unk> <unk> , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for her if we did this , and we would unlock their potential that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with images is holding us all over .
But let 's tell our kids the truth .
And so it tells you that the way you see it is just a part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and so they do , and because they make us feel .
I put self-esteem on the rsums of our schools .
Let 's switch to each one of us , the way we talk about and we compare other people .
And work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year of age , to become safe to change themselves tomorrow .
So let 's do it .
On the fifth of November of November , a guy named <unk> <unk> went into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Jamaican <unk> , the leader of the Defense League League .
At <unk> initially , he was innocent , but being in jail for other minor charges , in the company of others , started to plan attacks on about 12 icons from New York , including tunnels , synagogues , and the U.N. headquarters .
Fortunately , those plans were punished by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center , could n't prevent it .
Later , he would be convicted of their participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being he an Egyptian engineer , with a loving mother , a <unk> school teacher , the two people did all the possible for giving me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven , our family started to change .
My father taught me a form of Islam , which very few , even most Muslims , come to meet .
And I saw that when people take time to interact , you do n't need a lot to get to the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in every human group , there 's always a tiny fraction of people who are being brought to their convictions to think that we need to use all the possible means for everybody to live like them .
A few months before he arrest him , he sat with me and explained to me that in the last weekend , he and some friends , they had been going to throw a shot training on Long Island , to practice .
He told me that I would go to the next day .
We got to the <unk> of <unk> , which , without knowing our group , was covering by the FBI .
When I would throw out , my father helped me hold the rifle on my shoulder and explained to me how to aim for about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that he shot , I gave the little orange light on the target and , to be a surprise to all , particularly of me , the whole goal broke out .
My uncle went back to others and in Arabic , said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
From such a parent .
At all , the comment made a lot of laughter , but only a few years later I understood what they looked so funny .
You saw myself , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
These people later would be convicted of putting one van charged with 700 kilos of explosives on the subway parking lot in the subway park in the World Trade Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means uncle .
When I turned 19 , I was already moving 20 times . That instability during my childhood did n't allow me to make a lot of friendships .
Every time I started feeling comfortable with someone , it was a moment of pack and going to another city .
As I was always , I was the new face of the class as often as a <unk> victim .
<unk> my identity to avoid being white , but it will be the new class of the class , silent and a chubby , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time , I was reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , I did n't have social skills , to speak very gently . For growing under <unk> , I was n't prepared for the real world .
I was raised by encouraging people to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like race or his religion .
So how could the eyes open up ?
One of the first experiences that they tested my thinking was during 2000 elections .
In a <unk> program where I participated in the National Convention in Philadelphia .
My group went into the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> almost my entire life , was something that I was feeling a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from different backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the guys who we had made friendship , was Jewish .
It took several days out of the light , this detail , and I realized that there was n't none of them between the two .
I 'd never had a Jewish friend , and I was very proud to have been able to overcome the barrier that my entire life had been made to be thought to me .
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job on Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found people from all sorts of beliefs and cultures , that experience was fundamental in the development of my character .
All of life had taught me that the <unk> was a sin and , by extension , all gay people were bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the kinder and less critical I 'd seen in life .
Having been bullied as a child , I developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat nice people , exactly the way I have wish to be treated .
And so I was able to contrast the stereotypes that I had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know how that 's being died but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then he came the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart would make me intellectually honest about my <unk> , and I was helping me see that race of people , religion or sexual orientation , they have nothing to do with character .
In a lot of shapes , he turned my crappy shape in a moment when I was desperately <unk> .
Sometimes inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my own life than my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think , and she told me something to keep in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with your eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough <unk> and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that time , I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why did I go out and put myself in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope that someone , one day , who is trying to take the violence , can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way , which , although I was attached to this violent ideology , and I did n't get to get me a fan .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do that by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones , and for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives .
By the victims of terrorism , we speak , against those meaningless acts , like rejection to the actions of my father .
With this simplicity , I 'm showing myself as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that the kids do n't have to follow the roads of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much .
Right now there 's a film that projects in their minds .
It 's an amazing movie .
It 's in 3D , and it has <unk> sound of what you hear and see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your film has scent , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotion , anger and happiness .
It 's got memories , as a moment of your childhood you project in front of your eyes .
And it 's constantly a voice on your conscious thinking .
The heart of the movie are you who experience everything directly .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the mind of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths about the existence of being human .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an inner inner movie , you , you and you .
There 's nothing that we know more directly .
At least , I know I have an awareness of your own .
I 'm not certain that you are conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason to live .
If we were not conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal movies ?
Why are n't we just robots that we 're going to do to produce outcomes without experiencing the inner movie ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness into science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say that it 's impossible a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost all the 20th century , we 'll get that vision .
psychology studied objectively behavior , neuroscience was studying the objectively brain , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
And even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientists about consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , everything began to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` It 's now the moment for science <unk> consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , an flourishing of scientific labor about consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that <unk> Nancy made a few minutes ago .
We now understand much better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or to feel pain or to feel happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness . The questions about what certain areas do , and what it correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
No offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problems with consciousness .
Well , it does n't address the true central mystery of this matter : Why is all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective inner movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give you a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to become another emerging phenomenon like traffic jams , like the hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all sorts of emerging behaviors , how they operate traffic jams , how the hurricanes work , how the hurricanes work , how they reproduce , they adapt and metabolizing the living organisms . They 're all questions about the objective operation .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walk , how we talk about , how we play chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are among the easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why every behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here is , the standard paradigm of the rise , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually does n't have a lot to say .
I 'm a <unk> scientist .
I want a scientific theory of <unk> that would work . For a long time , I was beating my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure terms that would work .
But ultimately , I came to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to get into this point .
We have a whole chain of explanations , great explanations . We get used to this ; the physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit into this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other , we do n't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is an anomaly , something that we need to integrate into our worldview , but we do n't know yet how .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at the beginning of crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
His crazy idea is that there is no such problem that 's difficult to consciousness .
All the idea of the subjective movie movie includes sort of an illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you have to do , is to explain the objective functions , the brain behaviors , and that 's what it takes to do everything that needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is pretty close to simply denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I 'm going in a different direction .
In the time I 'm left , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think may be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
We were going to make fundamental laws that govern them , like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties do n't explain in terms of anything basic .
Instead , it 's considered fundamental , and the world is built .
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is <unk> .
In the 19th century , Maxwell discovered that you ca n't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , space , time , mass , laws of Newton , so he applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied the electrical laws as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation that we meet with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , space , mass , load , then for a matter of logic , you 've got <unk> .
The most natural thing would be to track consciousness itself as fundamental , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that suddenly it 's not the object of science .
It opens up the path to scientifically manage scientifically .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
The physicists sometimes say we want fundamental laws that we can download them in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws that we 're looking at in a shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called <unk> : Pan , for all of the <unk> , every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even the microbes of Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or thinking .
It 's not that a photon can be full of distress when he thinks , `` Oh , I always travel at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , no .
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of crude feeling , subjective feeling , some early precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little crazy for you .
How crazy ? How crazy ?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea , which consciousness is a fundamental thing .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , like the others .
It 's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to us <unk> , it 's much less for the people of different cultures , where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way to find fundamental laws that we 're doing with the thought of the physical process , is <unk> consciousness with information .
Whenever there is information processing , there 's awareness .
It 's called complex <unk> , like a human being , complex consciousness .
It 's going to be simple , simple awareness .
Very exciting is that in the recent years , a neuroscientist , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory , and it developed it rigorously .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of information integrated in a system .
And it 's supposed to be about consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there 's a degree of information integration , as much as significant , kind of a pretty important awareness .
But when you get to worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> <unk> .
The level of information integration is lower , but it 's not zero .
In <unk> theory , there will still be a different level of consciousness .
It actually gives a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Moreover , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate consciousness into the physical world .
The physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but we do n't talk about the reality underlying the underlying reality .
As Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where does the fire come out of the equations ? ''
From the view , the equations of physics can be left as they are , but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is what puts fire in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not outside of the physical world as a kind of additive .
It 's right there in the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to distract our relationship with nature , and it may have social and ethical consequences .
Some may be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything that I had conscience , then should be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 'll get a lot of hunger .
I think thinking about it right , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral questions , it 's not so much the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie `` <unk> . ''
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of <unk> information , she has a complicated information processing , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , they 're present ethical problems with quite serious ethical problems about the developing computer systems of intelligent computers and the <unk> ethic .
Finally , you can ask for the consciousness of whole collective collective skills , the planet .
Canada has his own consciousness ?
Or a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience at a TED Talk , right now , we have a collective collective consciousness , an inner movie for this whole TED group , different from the inner movies of each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least one question you have to take seriously .
So this view <unk> , is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's correct .
I 'm actually safer from the first crazy idea , which consciousness is a fundamental thing , that the second one , that is universal .
So vision raises a lot of challenges , many challenges , like , how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and we love it .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going on the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait for it overnight .
But I think we 'll finally start to discover it .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village .
He had a very normal profile , an education profile .
I went to school , I joined my friends , my friends with my younger sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to take a prize for a community award .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She 's actually not done anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , he had good grades . After the school , I had a low profile at my mother 's hair 's hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at the <unk> <unk> and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yeah , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered as a success if we take disability outside the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of the teaching at a high school in Melbourne , just after 20 minutes at the 11 o'clock class of studies <unk> one guy , and he said , `` Hey , when will you turn your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What 's speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking about the law of defamation for good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your voice speech .
When people in the wheelchair , do they talk about <unk> things in school ? ''
`` Usually in the classroom . ''
And that was when I realized , this child had had people with disabilities with disabilities as an inspiration objects .
And we 're not . And it 's not the fault of the guy , that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We are there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage <unk> what I do in this wheelchair , and you probably are waiting for them to inspire them . Right ?
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid I 'm afraid that .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that you 've lied to us in relation to disability .
Yes , you have sold the lie that disability is a bad thing , a capital , a capital M .
It 's a bad thing and living with disability makes you exceptional .
It 's not a bad thing , and he ca n't make you very exceptional .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this other one , `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one , `` Before leaving , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a huge amount of them .
You may have seen one of the girl without hands drawing with a pencil sustained by the mouth .
You may have seen a kid running out of fiber fiber legs .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the porn term deliberately , because we would take a group of people to benefit from another group of people .
So in this case , we 're going to fit the disabled in the benefit of disabled people .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , to motivate them to be able to see them and think , `` Well , because it 's really bad that it 's my life , it might be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But what if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the account of the number of times that I 've been approached by strange strangers to express that you think I 'm brave or an inspirational source , and this was happening to before my work had a public profile .
It was as if I got up in the morning and remember my own name , and this is <unk> .
These images , those images that are <unk> with people with disabilities to benefit from homeless people .
They 're there for you to see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put your concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is really hard .
It 's going to make some things .
But the things that we do n't do are the things that you can think of .
They are not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled , '' deliberately , because I was attached to the so-called social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of society that we live in than our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very pleased with him .
It makes things that I need to do , and I 've learned to get the best of your capacity as you do , and that 's what happens with the kids of those photos as well .
They 're not doing anything out of the common .
They 're just using their bodies to pull the best of their ability .
So is it really just <unk> in the way we do , by sharing those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspirational source , '' says it as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because we have sold this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here being inspired , and you think , `` Oh God , <unk> , are n't you sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
I learn from other people with disability at all time .
However , I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than them .
Now I learn that this is a great idea to use a barbecue idea to pick up the things that fall down . I pick up the ingenious trick of how to load the battery battery on the battery in the chair .
Great .
We learn about the force and the resistance of others , not against our bodies and our diagnosis , but against a world that <unk> and <unk> us .
I really believe that that lie that has been sold about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lie is not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles at a range of stairs has never done to become a ramp .
Never . <unk> on a television screen wo n't come up the subtitles for deaf people .
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and a positive attitude will convert all those books to braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom , watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' do n't be considered to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we are getting away from the bed and remembering our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where an 11-year-old kid in Melbourne is not a bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair .
disability does n't make us remarkable , but question what you think about it .
Thank you .
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a swallow swallow ?
Unfortunately , today , I 'm just going to answer one of those questions , so please do n't get away .
When people think about augmented reality , think in `` Minority Report '' and at Tom Cruise <unk> hands in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that 's going to happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because augmented reality to change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , is what I 'm wearing , the Google Glass , Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that lets them see what I see .
It will allow you to experience what a professional athlete is to be in the field .
Right now , the only way that I 'm going to be in the field is that I try to get it out .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , underneath a helmet and know what it is to run through the game game for 160 miles an hour , the blood beating the ears .
And we can know that it feels like a <unk> man , <unk> , trying to match them up with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you it 's not nice .
You know , I 've got some videos to show you what 's using Google Glass under the helmet , and give them an idea of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not images of NFL practices , because the idea of the emerging technology of the emerging technology is a submarine rising to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
It 's a bit of a moment .
Ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what it is to be <unk> in the football field , from the <unk> perspective .
You may have been aware of the people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them from the University of Washington .
<unk> of field : 54 54 ! mice 54 !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Go !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit closer to feeling in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , to be your favorite players , and you 've been asking me on YouTube and on Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a <unk> field .
Or a runner ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we go full of it , how do we take it to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called the Rift <unk> , which probably many of you know .
The Rift Amazon has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a roller coaster fearing for your life .
What 's the experience of a fan of a fan , when you have a video of Adrian <unk> across the line , trace of a <unk> with the arm before running and make an notation ? What will be the experience of a fan of a fan .
When I can be able to run them running on the court , throwing the ball down to the bottom of the network , or do you have to make an <unk> <unk> ?
What 's your experience when it goes from a mountain to over 100 miles an hour as an Olympic skier ?
Maybe it was <unk> by the sales of diapers for adults .
But this is not yet augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we get augmented reality , <unk> ?
It will promote augmented reality when the coaches and the <unk> and the owners see information about what people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to earn games ? ''
Because they always use the technology to win .
They like to win . It gives you money .
So , here 's a brief refresher on the NFL technology .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> put a <unk> to her country <unk> to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to animate them .
More people saw the party because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put radio radios on the countryside of the countryside in the field , and then on the defenses .
They had more viewers , because it was faster , more entertaining .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player going back to your group , and you see your next one , you 're going to show up in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that 's wearing , you do n't have to worry about forgetting a move .
They memorize the strategy .
They just go out to the field and react .
And the coaches want it because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose games , and they hate to lose games .
If you lose games , you 're going to get to a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a manual of strategies .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game .
How would you do ?
Well , a very simple option would be a camera on every single corner of the stadium , having a view from the top of the people that are down .
You also get information from sensor sensors and <unk> them , something that 's already been working on .
And all that information is sent to your players .
The good teams will know .
The bad guys will have overload of information .
This is <unk> to the good teams of the bad guys .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and data analysis to be just nerds .
It will also be athletes . Who would have imagined ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that it 's the field of field .
It took the ball and <unk> .
It 's going to make an open receptor . Suddenly a flashlight on the left of your bombsight will tell you that a defense behind you are going to <unk> it . Usually , you would n't see it , but the <unk> system will come up .
Let 's get to the protection area .
Another flashlight will tell you that there 's an open receptor .
<unk> the ball .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , however , the receptor sees it in its bombsight , a area of grass that lights up and can change the race .
He 's coming up , he catches the ball , it runs and running .
The audience gets mad and fans have followed the subject from every angle .
This is something that creates a massive emotion in the game .
I 'll make lots of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
You want to be your favorite player .
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it 's too profitable to not be .
But what I ask you is , is we want the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we just like bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings , to show someone how it is , literally being in the other person 's place .
We know what this technology is doing for your <unk> .
It generates billions of income a year .
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a <unk> how harmful are their actions from the victim 's perspective ?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how is being pursued ?
How much is it worth also for a Hadfield pad or a Neil <unk> Tyson trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of <unk> and <unk> ?
Ladies and gentlemen , the augmented reality is about .
The questions we make , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , they depend on , as usual , of us .
Thank you .
I recently retired me after 23 years of service in the California <unk> of California .
Now , most of those 23 years , I gave the country down the southern end of the <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate .
The bridge is an iconic structure , which is known as a very beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its inspirational style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , an engineer chief of building the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is pretty much proof of suicide .
The suicide of the bridge is no practical .
But from their openness , more than 1,600 people have jumped to death from that bridge .
Some of you think that travel between the two towers will take them to another dimension , this bridge has been idealized like that , so that the fall of it releases you from all your worries and pain , and the waters that go under <unk> your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a fall of four to five seconds , the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks down the bones , some of which becomes vital organs .
Most of them die in the impact .
The ones that do n't , usually <unk> in the ordinary water , and then they drown .
I do n't think that you 're going to put this suicide method to realize the death of the death of the death you face .
This is the wire .
Except around the two towers , there 's 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge .
This is where most people are going to be before they were taking their lives .
I can tell you by experience that once the person is on that edge , and in its darker moment , it 's very difficult to bring them back .
I took this photo last year while this young man spoke with a officer looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that day in bringing it back over the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have any formal training .
<unk> to channel the path through these calls .
This was not just a bad service to those who punish suicide , but the officers too .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans and psychologists train the new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him on July 22 of last year to receive a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the center near the center .
<unk> , and when I came , I looked at Jason speaking with an official from the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason was only 32 years old , and he had flown down here from New Jersey .
In fact , he had flown up to here twice before from New Jersey to try to commit her from this bridge .
And after about an hour talking to with Jason with Jason , I asked if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> <unk> , and he sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could get more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
It was out of pests , sorrows , and all sorts of evil against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason said , `` What if you open the box and there is no hope ? ''
He stopped a few moments , he leaned on the right , and it was .
This kind and smart guy in New Jersey had just taken out of life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing very well , because the next day , the rabbi of the family called me to see how she was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
They affect suicide damage to a lot of people .
I 'm asking you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone loved it ?
What would you say ?
I mean , what to say ?
In my experience , it 's not only to talk , but you have to listen .
Listening to understanding .
You do n't know , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know .
Just being there , you can be the turning point you need .
If you think that somebody is suicide , you 're not afraid of <unk> and asking the question .
And one way to ask them is , `` Other people in similar circumstances have thought about finishing your life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
<unk> the person in front can save the life and be the turning point for them .
Other signs to search for : despair , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to get better ; they 're going to argue , believe that there 's nothing that you can do about it ; social isolation , and a lost of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read to you .
She lost her son on the 19th of January , this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and he 's with his permission and blessing that I read it .
`` Hello , Kevin . I imagine you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience being there .
I 'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a story .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell their friends and so on .
I 'm still quite numb , but noticing more moments to realize that Mike wo n't go home .
Mike was driving from <unk> to San Francisco to see my father 's Day on the 19th of January .
He never got there .
I called the police of <unk> and reported it as disappeared that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house and told me that the car of Mike was below the bridge .
A witness had seen jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the afternoon the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who may be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before without suffering a real mental illness ?
It should n't be that easy to end up with it .
My prayers are with you for your struggle .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk the way his son took that day , and also the value to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I said to a radio call for a possible suicide subject on the sidewalk near the north tower .
<unk> my bike on the sidewalk and looked at this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , I crossed the railing immediately , and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the time and a half , I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
Kevin decided for his account that day to come back on that lane and give life another opportunity .
When Kevin came back , he <unk> it .
`` This is a new start , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What did it go back to you and gave the hope and life another opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` You 've heard me .
You leave me talking and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from Kevin 's mother , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to take you .
`` Dear Sir <unk> , nothing erase the 11th of March 11 , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin follow us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> for help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been correctly correctly .
She took Kevin to Kevin when I was only six months old , completely unconscious from all of those traits that we would say , but thanks to God , we now know .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
We thank God for you .
I 'm just in debt with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited the General General in San Francisco that night , you 're going to get rid of the patient .
`` Wow , I had to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a loving father and active members of society .
It speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with the hope that his story will inspire others .
suicide is not just something that I 've found at work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself to poison .
That act , despite the end of the pain , stealing me the opportunity to meet .
This is what suicide does .
For most of the suicide people , or those who consider suicide , they would n't think about somebody else .
They just want your own pain .
Usually , this is only achieved by three ways : sleep or alcohol or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and called suicide around the bridge .
Of those incidents that I 've been directly involved with , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other was a man who talked about about an hour .
And during that time , I 'm holding my hand into three times .
At the end hand , I looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , sorry , but I have to go . ''
And I jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , however , that the vast majority of people that we get to contact at that bridge do n't kill themselves .
Also , those very few who have jumped on the bridge and lived , and that you can talk about that , that one or two percent , most of those people have said that the next second who leaves the railing had made a mistake , and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge is not only connected to San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or the bridge that we do , is something that every single one of us must be able to do .
The suicide can prevent .
There 's help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but inside you know what you are , and a question is , how do you become that ?
I must be something only in that sense , but I 'm not alone , in any way .
When I became a model , I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had ever been .
My outside , finally , with my inner truth , with my inner self .
For reasons , I 'm going to walk along later , when I look at this picture , I 'm thinking , <unk> , you got it , you got it .
But last October , I discovered that , just , I 'm starting .
We were all asking us our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the skin of the skin or the beliefs of those around us .
These are people who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my <unk> agent ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called revelation .
This is mine .
I was recorded as `` boy '' as a child , because of the appearance of my genital appearance .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I was always wearing this t-shirt in my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why have you always put that shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to <unk> .
Gender 's always considered a unchanging fact , but now we know that , really , it 's more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I 'm never allowed to share my story , not because I thought that I 'm a bad thing , but how the world is all about those of us who want to break free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have my mom , Dad and a family who accept me as I am .
Many are not so lucky .
There 's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu goddess , the goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight , I was at a party in the Philippines of celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared in front of me , and I remember that moment as if something <unk> me : This is the kind of woman that I 'd like to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when I still had a man , I met this woman named <unk> .
It 's the principal of a transgender beauty contest .
That night she asked me , `` Why have n't you been involved in the beauty pageant ? ''
He told me that if she was responsible for her fees , and the costume , and that night , I won in a bathroom , I won in a <unk> , and there was a third finalist among over 40 candidate .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , it was within the world of the <unk> of beauty .
Not many people can say that their first job was the queen of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the <unk> goddess especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines .
But most importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , called me and told me that they passed my request from the green card that could go to the United States .
I was resistant .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then , two weeks later , he called me and said , `` You know that if you voice the United States , you can change the name and your gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested I put two `` and '' to my name .
She also accompanied me when I had surgery in Thailand at 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand to do the most rural surgeries , sophisticated surgeries .
At the time in the United States , we need to get surgery before we changed the name and gender .
So in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of <unk> and the `` F , '' female gender .
It was a great time .
For some people , their identity document means power to drive or be able to get a drink , but to me was the license to live , to feel worthy .
Suddenly my fears were seen .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and be a model .
Many are not so lucky .
I think of this woman from <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman from New York who lived in his truth , but that , <unk> , kept her life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All 20 of November we make a global vigil for <unk> <unk> Day .
I 'm on this stage because of a long history of people who were <unk> and stood in front of injustice .
These are Sir P. Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't keep my truth living alone and just for me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , not fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , for one day , no longer than November 20 .
My deeper truth led me to accept what I am .
Will you do it ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You see , first of all my blessings .
My support network , my parents , particularly my family , who is very strong .
I remember all the time that I 've been to trans young women , who I 've experienced , and sometimes , when they called me and told me that their parents could n't accept it . I took the phone , he called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others do n't . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , all of us were assigned a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table , the topic that some times that assignment is not a block , and there should be a space that would allow people to <unk> , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be a space for curiosity and to ask questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many patriarchal societies , and tribal , parents usually know about their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who are known for her daughter and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> began his campaign by defending his rights in 2007 , and when his efforts were <unk> in 2011 , the <unk> national Prize was made very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but I 'm now his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at human history , the history of women is the history of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when I was born a girl , their birth is not celebrated .
He 's not welcome by his father , not for her mother .
The neighborhood comes , day , gives your mother to mother , and no one <unk> the father .
And a mother gets excited about having a girl .
When he gives birth to the first girl , the first child , it gets sad .
When he gives birth to the second daughter , he was <unk> , and with the hope of a son , when she shines his third daughter , he feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter , newborn daughter , when it grows , suffers too .
When I was five years old , when I should go to school , he stays at home and school admits his brothers .
Up until the age of 12 , it 's got a good life .
You can have fun .
It can play with your friends on the street , and it can move on the streets as a butterfly .
But when you go into adolescence , when it comes to 13 years , it will prohibit him to go out of your house without a male driver .
He 's confined to four walls of his house .
It 's no longer a free person .
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family and his family , and if I was <unk> the code of that honor , I could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this assumption of honor , not only affecting the life of a girl , it also affects the lives of male members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and happiness of his sisters in the name of honor .
And there is one more of the patriarchal societies that 's called compliance .
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and embracing your father 's decisions and your mother and the decisions of the elderly , even if he does n't want .
If the marry with a man who does n't like or if the marry with an old man , he has to accept it , because it does n't want to be <unk> .
If the very young marry , you have to accept it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens in the end ?
In words of a poet , `` The marry , <unk> , and then gives birth to more kids and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson of obedience to his daughter and the same honor of her children .
And this vicious cycle continues and continues .
<unk> brothers and sisters , when he was born <unk> , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked his eyes , believe me , I felt incredibly honored .
And much before I was born , I thought about her name , and I was fascinated with a feisty happily of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> <unk> , and he called my daughter like this .
But when I looked at it , they were all men , and I grabbed my pen , and I put up a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when I was four and a half and a half , <unk> in my school .
You might ask , why should I mention a child 's admission to a school ?
Yes , I should throw out .
You can give it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many countries developed , but in the poor countries , in patriarchal societies , in tribal societies , it 's a big event for life .
<unk> in a school means recognition of his identity and his name .
One admission to school means that it 's in the world of dreams and aspirations where its potential can explore its potential for future life .
I have five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks before , when we were going to take the Canadian visa , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember the family of some of my sisters .
And the reason I was never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was the reason why I value my daughter .
What my father could n't give my sisters and her daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
He <unk> to sit with me when my friends came to see me .
He encouraged them to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to put them on your personality .
And this was n't just for her , just to <unk> .
I 've run all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
I used the education for emancipation .
I taught my daughters , taught students , to forget the lesson of compliance .
I showed the students to forget the lesson of the so-called <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , fought for more rights for women , and we were struggling to have more and more space for women in society .
But we found ourselves a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights and , in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of women 's participation in all the political and economic and social activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
The girls were banned to go to school .
Women forced them to use <unk> and stopped going to markets .
Musicians were silenced , <unk> girls and singers killed .
<unk> million , but a few talked , and it was scary to have around those people who kill and tell them when you talk about their rights .
It 's really scary .
At the age of 10 , he got up and got up for the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC 's blog , and he offered her himself for the New York Times documentaries , and he talked about every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It 's <unk> as a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason why the Taliban could not tolerate his campaign , and October 9 , 2012 , he was shot into his head .
It was one day <unk> for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
Whereas my daughter was struggling with life and death , whispered to her ear to my wife , `` Should I blame my daughter , to your daughter ? ''
And <unk> said to me , `` Please do n't get you .
<unk> the right cause .
<unk> your life in play because of the cause of peace , because of the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and joined me .
They were both on the right path and God 's protecting .
These few words would be a lot for me , and I did n't ask questions again .
When I was in the hospital , and he had severe headaches and severe headaches because his facial nerve was cut , I used to look at a dark shadow that ran through my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
He used to tell us , `` I 'm fine with my smile , you know , you know , my face in my face .
I 'll be good . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a solace for us , and we 're going to hide .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the most difficult moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for children 's rights and women , it 's like any 16-year-old girl .
He cries out when he does n't end his homework .
They fight with her brothers , and I 'm very happy for that .
People ask me , `` What 's special about my mentoring that 's made so bold to <unk> so brave , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I say , do n't ask me what I did .
I did n't know what I did .
I did n't cut off his wings , and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> of the brain 18 years ago , and since that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering .
And I want to tell you that I 've recently joined the <unk> group of Google , where I 've had a <unk> in charge -- the <unk> of Google <unk> <unk> , but all the work that I 'm talking about today about the science of the brain , I did before I join Google or outside of my work there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you get to a brain operation .
Are you still like smart or not ?
Are you going to be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the pink sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , from more than a dozen powerful chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide for combinations and mix of chemicals , and try to get , to stay alive .
More than I 've been saved by little .
But luckily , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided I would experience to try and get the doses of it because it really does n't have a clear map that says in <unk> .
I started testing different mixes , and I was amazed at seeing how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : for a few months , I tried a dose and the typical chemicals for a young man in 20 , and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought it was the smartest person around the world , and -- of course , many times in the past , I 've met various kinds of guys , or maybe some versions of it .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my great surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying to , so insecure , fixing a problem that I had in front of , and it just did n't happen .
So I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But , I think that the experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through , since then I 'm getting better with men .
What I was trying to do . In order to adjust these hormones and neurotransmitters , and so on , it was to reclaim my intelligence after the disease and operation -- my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I used to think almost always in images , and that became my key point : how do you get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to ? Testing new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes , and Hobbes , look at things like that .
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing .
Today , there are people who challenge this idea , and there are many discussions about how the mind works . For me it 's simple : for most of us , mental images are fundamental to <unk> and inventive thinking .
So after several years , I 'm able to find the point right , and I have already lots of great mental <unk> , really <unk> , very sophisticated , <unk> sophisticated <unk> .
Now , I 'm working on how to take these mental images quickly , of my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a director of cinema would be able to use your imagination just to drive the world that has the front ?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head ?
There are incredible possibilities with this , like the way creative people can get to share at the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to this with two recent experiments done by two groups that have done in neuroscience .
Both used MRI , MRI functional MRI , to represent the brain , and here you can see the brain scan done by <unk> <unk> and their Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows the scan of the brain of a person looking at an image .
The middle column shows the scanning of the brain of that individual individual while imagined , looking at that same image .
The column on the right was created by <unk> the contents of the central column on the left . You see that the difference is almost .
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between seeing an image and imagining that same picture is almost .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is from Jack <unk> in Berkeley , California .
They were able to turn the waves out in recognizable visual fields .
Let 's put it this way .
In this experiment , he showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos , while their brains were monitoring to create a big pool of reactions in the brain to video sequences .
And then I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and as much as a new scan of it .
The computer , using just the brain information of the scanning of the scanning to show what it seemed like the person was looking at .
On the right side you can see the inference of the computer , and on the left , the video that I showed you .
This was left to us .
We 're right near that .
We just need to improve resolution .
And now , remember , when you see an image , and when you can imagine that same image , you create the same mapping brain .
This is made out of the brain scanning systems that are available today , and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution of a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How do we do that ?
There are a lot of techniques to do it .
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes .
I 'm not giving you that .
Many of you are proposing new projection techniques for images , even me . Tell them with the recent outcome of MRI , first of all , we have to ask the next thing , this technology will be the end of the way ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way of getting greater resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , more <unk> magnets only offer small improvements in resolution , not for thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of bigger magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create structures much more complex with slightly different arrangements , like doing a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a lot of effort on MRI were to make large magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent breakthroughs in <unk> of ingenious , brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , in the transmitters and receivers from FM research into MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a uniform magnetic field , we use structured magnetic patterns at the FM frequencies .
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM frequencies patterns , we can actually increase the information that you can extract in a single scan .
Also , we can then divide into layers our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not just blood fluid , but the hormones and <unk> that I mentioned , and maybe even the direct neural activity . This is sleep .
We 're going to be able to bend our ideas directly to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be capable of ?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is something big .
These are big questions .
It would be compelling to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking skills and communication .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's and diseases like that .
We have a few more choices to open up this door .
So anyway , choose a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine it 's going to take a lot more .
We have to learn how to give this step together .
Thank you .
I 'll talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just gay closet .
I think we all have cabinet .
His closet is probably telling any person for the first time you love or tell somebody who 's pregnant , or tell somebody who has cancer , or any other hard conversation for which you have gone through in life .
Now , everything 's closet is a hard conversation , and even though our topics can change tremendously , the experience of I have lived and out of that closet is something universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I was working on the South Side of <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and being there , I had to go through several stages of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : I do n't <unk> my armpits , I would quote the letters of <unk> gave the letters to a litany .
And I 'm going to be laughing at the <unk> of my pants , and I had my mind holding my head a little bit , `` Hey , are you boy or girl ? ''
And there was a uncomfortable silence at the table .
I took my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a drop of anger .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother tossed a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and I would get inside .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that the next time would say something .
I would have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a kid or a girl ? ''
A family silence , but this time I was ready , and I was about to get into the women 's affairs on the table , and I had Betty <unk> quotes .
Gloria Steinem quote .
Even a piece of the `` Vagina Monologues , '' I would show .
So I took a deep breath , and I went down and my back , a four-year-old girl with a rose dress , looking at me what 's not a challenge for a feminist duel , just a girl with a question , `` Are you kid or girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath again , and I put a lot closer to it , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is something that 's confusing .
I 've got my hair 's short hair like a kid , and you saw a kid , but I 'm a girl , and I 'm a girl , and you know , as you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas .
Now , I 'm more than the kind of girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl looked at me , paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and it 's got a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was it . It 's just `` Oh , you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> that I asked ? ''
It was the most easier conversation of all I ever had .
And why ? Because the girl in the <unk> and I , both of those , were honest with one another .
So , as many of us , I 've lived in some notes in my life , and I know , often , my walls used to be a rainbows .
But within the dark , you ca n't know what color are the walls .
You just know how one feels like living in a cupboard .
It 's like my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Surely , I 'm going to give you a hundred reasons for why to come out of my closet , it was harder than getting out of yours , but this is the thing : the hard thing is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me to tell me to explain to someone who has written on banking banking is more difficult than saying it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story is more difficult than telling your five years that you 're going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult , there 's only the hard thing .
We need to stop putting what is hard about what it 's difficult to make for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our cabinet and we need to just feel empathy because we all live a hard thing .
At some point in our lives , we all live in cabinet , and you can make sure to feel security , or at least more security than the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you , that no matter what your walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago .
I had a <unk> tail , a dress and <unk> shoe .
He was n't the militant lesbian ready to fight for any six-year-old who would fit into coffee .
I was frozen because I was frozen in a corner of my dark closet , and my gay grenade , and moving only one muscle is the scariest thing ever ever done .
My family , my friends , the whole strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying to be trying to be disappointed , and now the world was turning around .
I was burning the pages of a script that we all have followed for so long , but if you do n't launch that grenade , kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade launches was in my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that he was gay , and by doing my lady 's job of honor , in my black dress and heels , I walked around the tables , and I finally came to one where my parents ' friends were , people who were known to me .
And after talking a moment , one of the women screamed , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had begun .
`` <unk> , were you ever in Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard that it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , you know my <unk> Antony ?
It 's very good , and he 's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ?
Our favorite program ? Will ?
And you know who I love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling me , but trying desperately to show her support , to get me to know that he was on my side , finally said to go to him , `` Well , sometimes my husband 's wearing pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time , as you have all the Scud launchers .
Surely , it could have been easy to tell where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for someone , but try to ask them ?
If you 're going to be authentic with someone , you have to be prepared for the authentic you get .
That 's how hard conversations are still going to be my strong point .
Ask anybody who I have come out .
But I 'm getting better , and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the <unk> Girl .
Now , please see this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it means to go out of any closet is essentially the same thing .
Number one : Be authentic .
<unk> the armor . Be you .
That girl in the coffee had no armor , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , the others have to know that we also suffer .
Number two : Sean 's direct . It 's just slowing down . You 're going to break their patches .
If you know that they 're gay , they 're going to go .
If you tell their parents that maybe they could be gay , they 'll stay the hope that that might change .
They wo n't give you a sense of false hope .
And number three , and most important -- let the complex .
You communicate your truth .
It would never be influenced by that .
And some of them can be wounded , they 're going to take care of what they 've done , but I 'll never tell you what they are .
And yes , maybe some of you will be disappointed , but that 's in them , not you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not their own own .
That 's the story of them , but not of you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you find in a dark closet <unk> a grenade , you have to know that we 've all been there before .
And they may feel very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen , a productive example has been the famous quote from <unk> <unk> , which `` The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of if a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a critique of the computer pioneers like Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence .
Let 's take a step back .
First of all , let 's start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that you 're from a alien race , that you do n't know anything about Earth 's biology or whether or whether or neuroscience of the Earth or the Earth 's Earth , but they have incredible telescopes , and they can look at the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that the reason is that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from a alien race that does n't know anything about this , that does n't have any concept of the Earth on Earth , you would have been forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how , as a certain time in time , the asteroids that <unk> the surface of a planet mysteriously stopped doing it .
And that 's why I claim that this is the same question to understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that I conducted a number of years ago , I looked at a variety of topics through science , across various disciplines , that pointed , I think , towards a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be accurately accurately for the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that will undermine the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in the robotic movement planning , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks .
And so , taking all these different topics , and we were on them together , asked , for several years : Is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is yes . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to a E = <unk> for the intelligence that I 've ever seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action , or keeping the choices open , with a force by T , with the diversity of possible future , yes , to an impending future time , tau .
In a nutshell , the intelligence does n't like to stay stuck .
Your intelligence is to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the choices open .
And so , having this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How things is it ?
The level of human intelligence ?
Are we providing artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology has suggested that the universes that produce more disorder , or entropy during their life should have tendency to be more favorable to the most favorable conditions for intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not just correlated with the production of entropy in the long term , but actually comes directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , which is designed to maximize the production of entropy in any system where it finds itself in .
Amazingly , <unk> could spend multiple animal tests , play games of human beings , and even earn money by making action , all of it without the right thing to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a human standing without falling over here , here we see <unk> balancing automatically a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave them a goal .
He just decided for his balance to balance the pole .
This ability to balance will have applications for humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies .
This ability to use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling opposite sides of an rope at the same time to liberate food , here we see that <unk> can make a version of the model of that task .
This ability of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable into a variety of domains .
So for example , we see that we see successfully playing a virtual game game against itself , bringing your potential for play .
So here we see <unk> creating new connections on a social network where the friends are constantly constantly and keeps the web well connected .
This same <unk> capacity , also has applications in health care , in energy and intelligence .
So here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully , and using the Panama Canal to extend its scope from the Atlantic to the Pacific to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable in defense in defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see spontaneously discovering and running a strategy of <unk> , <unk> in a simulated series of action negotiation , successfully increasing assets under its management management .
This risk management skill will have broad applications in finance and safe .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as use use , walking upright and social cooperation , every single equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
So let 's go back to the beginning of the term , the robot 's work , the <unk> work -- there was always the concept that if we had smart machines , there would be cyber rebellion .
The machines looked up against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to reverse it .
It 's not that the machines first become smart and then <unk> and trying to take over the world .
It 's the opposite , that the impulse to take control of all the future possible is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence , that general intelligence can actually arise out of taking control , rather than being backwards .
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the goal .
I 'm often asked , `` How is it going to look for goals from this kind of framework ?
My equivalent of that statement to pass the descendants to help build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence has to be viewed as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at an inflection point in human history , something between the conquest of the stars and losing the planet we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've expanded our knowledge so much of our knowledge in the context of the universe .
The Kepler Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars , which is the point that the Earth is only among the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope which measures the faint light intensity of stars when the planets go ahead of them , and blocked a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data gathered by Kepler show the sizes of planets besides the distance between them and their star .
Together , this helps us to understand whether these planets are small and rocky as the Earth 's land planets , and also the amount of light that receives from their suns .
Instead , this gives clues about if these planets that we find are livable or not .
Unfortunately , while we 're finding this treasure of potentially habitable worlds , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
Year 2014 was the hotter record .
<unk> and sea ice who have been with us for us for millennia now are now disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we have caused by global scale has rapidly surpassed our ability to disrupt its course .
But I 'm not a scientist scientist , no astronomer .
But I study the <unk> of the planet influenced by the stars , with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
I could say that I look for aliens opportunities in the housing sector .
Now , as someone who 's very interested in search for life in the universe , I can tell you that the more I look for planets like the Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know best about : our solar system .
Let 's take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and even though it 's a little further from the sun , it can be considered a potentially livable world that is a mission like the Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , that 's why we study both to Mars .
Our <unk> like the `` Curiosity '' trace their surface into the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit , like the orbiting mission , take samples from the atmosphere of Mars , and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their Goldilocks .
Now , private companies now provide not just short space flights , but also the blind glimpse to live on Mars .
But despite all these images , they remind us to the deserts of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with the <unk> and <unk> ideas , compared to the Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that are still left by colonize , places that are actually <unk> compared to Mars .
Even in the most dry places of the Earth , the air is fresh , and it 's filled with oxygen that 's driven by our tropical forests thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement to the colonization of Mars and other planets carry around with a big and sad shadow : the implication and the belief that the belief that Mars would expect there to save us to save us in the single planet that we know is truly livable , the Earth .
For a lot that I like exploring <unk> exploration , I 'm deep disagreement with this idea .
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but say that Mars will be there to safeguard humanity is how to imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell you that the captain of the Titanic will have place later on the lifespan . Thank you .
But the goals for <unk> exploration and land preservation are not poisoning .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , to preserve and make life better in the future .
The extreme environments here in our world look like aliens .
They just come closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and hold these habitable spaces in the hostile and future areas of the land , maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I leave you with a mental experiment : paradox of Fermi .
Many years ago , Enrico Enrico Fermi asked asked , having to realize that our universe has been around for a long time , and we expect that many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of extraterrestrial life so far .
Well , where are they ?
Well , a possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations are becoming advanced advanced enough to consider to continue to live between the stars , lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that we 're going to protect .
It 's arrogant to think that only colonization will save us from ourselves , but planetary preservation and exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to expand to the hostile environments of Mars for human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the Goldilocks on Earth .
Thank you .
And a few years ago , I 'll put my own house .
And while I was on the front porch looking at my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window in the dining table , where he had left them .
So quickly tried to open all the other gates and windows , and they were all very closed .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> might take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go back home from Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning , and I 'll put out of my passport and my suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but sure it 's not more expensive than a <unk> at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , right now .
I 'm a neuroscientist , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It liberates cortisol , which goes up with heart rate , reducing the adrenaline levels and <unk> the thinking .
And when I got to the <unk> counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started wondering , if there was something that could do , systems that I could put in place , that you can avoid going bad things to happen .
Or at least , if it happens , bad things happen , that we 're going to reduce the probability of that a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month later , my thoughts did not be <unk> .
I was having dinner with my colleague Danny <unk> , winning the Nobel Prize , and a little embarrassed I talked about the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me who had been practicing something called retrospective <unk> .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written from this a few years before , known as <unk> .
Everybody knows what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , an expert team comes and tries to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In <unk> , as Danny explains a Danny , you 're looking forward and tries to figure out how to go wrong , then you try to figure out what can do to prevent things that happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk about with you is some things we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , some are not obvious .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
In the house , I 'll put a place for things that are easily lost .
This sounds of common sense , and it 's , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to track the location of the important things , where the good , where the fish are , which are the fish , who places <unk> trees , where the tribes are living , and the enemies .
So the hippocampus is the part of the brain that would lie in the <unk> of London .
It 's the part of the brain that lets squirrels find their nuts .
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment , cut the <unk> sense of squirrels , and they still could find their nuts .
They did n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason for losing car keys , reading reading and passports .
So at home , I 'd put a place for the keys , a hook along the door , maybe a decorative plate .
For your passport , a particular crate .
For your reading glasses , a particular coffee table .
If you take a place , and you 're <unk> with it , your stuff will always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit card , driver 's license , <unk> , <unk> to mail themselves so that you 're in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal , it can facilitate substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
cortisol is toxic and <unk> thinking .
So part of <unk> practice is to recognize that under stress will not be at the best time , and you have to put the systems on their site .
And there 's perhaps not more stressful than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we will all be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'll talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this would be <unk> as a <unk> for decision-making , and in fact for decision-making financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that we have to take from a rational assessment of the facts .
So let 's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've got the outcome of the lab and your cholesterol is a little high . ''
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease , attack the heart , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug to help reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you have heard of <unk> , and you know that it 's one of the most compelling drugs in the world today . Even you are likely to know people who take them .
So you think , `` Yes , let 's get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you have to do then , a statistic that you have to ask for the most doctors do n't want to speak , and pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for <unk> , the number necessary to treat .
And what is this , <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or to submit to surgery in any medical procedure before it will help a person .
And should you think about what kind of statistical statistic is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor did n't give me something if it was n't to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the fault of the doctor , and if it 's someone 's fault , it 's about scientists like me .
We have n't understood very well the underlying mechanisms .
But the <unk> estimates that 90 percent of the drugs will work only about 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number necessary to treat the <unk> <unk> , what do you think is ?
How many people have to take it before it helps a person ?
300 .
This is according to the investigation of the researchers to <unk> <unk> and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> .
I 'm going to explore the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack , stroke or another adverse event .
Now you might think , `` Well , one chance in 300 to get my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? Let 's get the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a statistic , and it 's , `` <unk> from the side effects '' -- yeah ?
For this particular drug , the side effects are produced in five percent of patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating , muscle pain and articulate pain , but now they think , `` Five percent is not very likely to happen to me , still take the medicine . ''
But a moment .
remember , under stress you do n't think clearly .
So think of how we 're going to get this over time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , not ? A person has helped , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed by the drug that help you help you .
I 'm not saying they should or not take the <unk> .
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic requires it , it 's part of the beginning of informed consent .
We have a right to have access to these kinds of information to initiate the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not .
Maybe you 're thinking that I 've launched this number in the air of the crash of the crash , but actually this number necessary to treat is quite typical .
For the surgery that you 're done in the older men in 50 , <unk> of prostate cancer , the number necessary to treat it is 49 .
This is 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case are produced in 50 percent of patients .
Those include the impotence , or erectile dysfunction , urinary incontinence , poaching , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects just a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think before time , the questions that you might argue that we 're going to make a conversation forward .
You do n't have why to make all this in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a choice many times , do you want to have a shorter life of pain , or a longer life that might have a lot of pain towards the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now , with your family and their loved ones .
They can change your mind in the heat of the moment , but unless you 're trained in this kind of thought .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol , and one of the things that happens at that time is that they turn out a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Now , face Face with a predator , you do n't need the digestive system , or the libido or the immune system , because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things , it does n't react very quickly . They might be the lunch lunch , so none of that matter .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the logical logic , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future of these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we 're all failing .
We 're all going to fail once in the time .
The idea is to think about the future , how those failures could be , to put the systems in place that will help minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things that bad things happen in the first place .
<unk> at the night of Montreal in Montreal , when I returned from my journey , my contractor installed a lock of combination along the door , with a key to the entry door in the same , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters I have n't ordered , and lots of messages I have n't read .
So I 'm not quite organized , but I see the organization like a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , '' is my favorite singing symbol .
It means playing gently .
If you 're playing a musical instrument , and you look at a <unk> in the score , you need to touch more gently .
Two <unk> , even more smooth .
Four <unk> ' , extremely smooth .
This is my drawing of a tree of <unk> , ' there you see it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of <unk> ' may have , never <unk> a complete silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American American system , the <unk> , in addition to a little bit of my own story .
The French signs came over in the 1800s , and over the time of time , he mixed with local signs , and developed the language we know today as <unk> .
So it has a story about 200 years old .
I was born deaf . And I was taught to believe that sound was n't a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
However , I realize now that 's not true for anything .
<unk> are a very important part of my life , really in my mind every day .
As a human person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's as if I lived in a foreign country , tracking their rules , customs , behaviors and norms without <unk> .
So how do I understand the sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
I learn that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example .
`` Do n't get the door ! ''
`` Do n't do a lot of noise by eating your bag of chips ! ''
`` Do n't <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure not scratch the covered in the dish . ''
I call this `` sound tag . ''
Maybe I think about the sound tag more than the average person does it .
I 'm <unk> of sounds .
And I 'm always waiting for nervousness the sound , which is going to come next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , to decide .
<unk> , to continue .
<unk> , by announce .
You can see that <unk> does n't have notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle <unk> and spots .
In deaf culture , movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for <unk> in <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , to me , I 'm going to make my thumb , it does n't feel natural .
That 's why I just have four lines on the paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I worked as <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and spaces of different galleries , and while I went from one place to another , I realized that there were no visual art there .
At that time , the sound was the trend , and that struck me .
There were no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now sound has come into my territory of art .
Am I going to get themselves more of the art ?
I realized it does n't have to be like this .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that it 's not just experienced through your ears .
I can feel it tactile , or experience it visually , or even like an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And all that I had taught me in the sound , I decided to leave it and <unk> .
I started to create a new body of work .
And when I presented it to the artistic community , I was struck with the amount of support and attention that I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the background of my mind , I always felt that sound was alien , it was some of a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that I could think of myself and my artistic work , or could empower me .
I chose that I got to me .
There 's a massive culture around speaking language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , the eyes of society is as if not to have a voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me equal and become my voice .
So I 'm able to be able to be relevant in society today .
So in school , at work and the institutions , I work with many different performers .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking for <unk> their voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary form of value as well as taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If I wo n't continue with this practice , I feel that I could fit it into oblivion and do n't have any kind of social value .
So with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the music world .
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and fully express the paper .
And the same thing can be said of a concept in <unk> .
The two are very spacecraft and highly <unk> what means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much of the signals as well as sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , to understand better how the <unk> works .
So imagine a piano .
The <unk> divides in many different <unk> parameters .
If you mapping a different parameter for every finger while you touch the piano , as the facial expression , the movement of the body , the speed , the shape of the hand , and so on , while you touch the piano , the English is a linear language , as if you get only a key at once .
However , the <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or an idea in <unk> .
If only a key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
The same thing happens with music as soon as the tone and timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different parameters , <unk> , you can express different ideas .
For example , the <unk> sign of it .
This is the `` <unk> in that . ''
I 'm seeing you .
<unk> <unk> .
Oh , I 'm going to tell you .
Uh oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , !
So I started thinking , and if I look at <unk> through the music lens ?
If I had to create a sign and I 'll put it over and over again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the `` day '' sign , the sun comes out and puts .
This is `` all day . ''
If you get it down and slow down , visually , it looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel that the same thing can be said `` every night . ''
All night .
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights : `` Last night , '' `` night . ''
I feel that the third one has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how the time is expressed , and how the distance to the body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on your back .
So the first example is , `` A long time ago . ''
Then , `` past , '' `` <unk> , '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once , `` Once . ''
`` For common time , it 's a musical term with a <unk> rate of four times by compass .
However , when I see the word `` common time '' I think automatically at `` at the same time . ''
Watch <unk> : right , E : left hand .
We have the <unk> through the head and the chest .
[ Face ] [ Face ] : <unk> , flashlight at the chest : E , flashlight , flashlight ) I 'm going to show you a form of my hand called the flashlight .
Can you do it with me ?
All with your hands on top .
Now we 're going to do it both in the head like the chest , something like `` common time '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` fall in love '' in the international system .
The international system , as a story , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs languages around the world .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it over again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization . ''
Now , the third one . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting '' in the <unk> .
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization and lighting .
Good job .
Now , look at how the three signs are very similar . Everybody happens in your head and the chest , but they 're going to do very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how the <unk> is alive and thriving , just like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> does n't have any sound , automatically does n't have social value .
We have to start questioning what defines social value and allow the <unk> to develop its own value , without sounds .
And this might be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn <unk> .
The <unk> is a treasure treasure , and I 'd like to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , engage in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , they can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents told me , `` You can read it all , but then you have to clean up . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination was led to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence , or a bubble of ignorance , I must say , because adults would lie to us to protect ourselves from the horrible truth .
When I got older , I found out that the adults also <unk> and that they 're not very good at cleaning the others .
Time spent , now I 'm an adult and I teach citizenship and invention in Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait too much for my students to walk through the beach with lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , we cleaned the beaches , and no , it 's not drinking alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's kind of scary .
And in the last decades , we 've been coming out with these large ships and networks , and collecting those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and classify them and <unk> this information on a map .
But I 'm very expensive , and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use those huge boats .
So along with my students , six to 15 years , we dreamed of making a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this labor table with <unk> <unk> so that the kids who are very <unk> can also participate .
And I 'll tell you , kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and reduce it the size we find in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
We do that .
I leave that to the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to get into something that we hope to work .
So we decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just <unk> information .
By using a robot , we take a picture of this plastic -- the kids get excited about robots .
Then we create very quickly what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so fast in creating prototypes that we 've done before for lunch .
And we took light bulbs and web cameras , and we assemble it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and by the plastic that we have there , and this is the image captured by the robot .
We see the pieces of plastic floating through the sensor while the computer on board process this image and measure the size of every particle , to get a rough estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
And I took this invention step on a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with hope that someone will improve it even more .
So the great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem , and bang , they 're trying to fix it immediately .
[ I can investigate my local problem ] But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed .
You see the news , you 're looking at the Internet , and you get into this image .
A child , maybe less than 10 years old , cleaning up an oil spill , only using their hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink , it 's the water in which you bathe , the water where they fish , the place where they live .
You can also see that the water is brown , the mud and the oil are also brown color and when everything mixes , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
We built a first prototype from a spectrometer that can light through all kinds of substances that produce different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
We had this prototype with a sensor , and we send it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or to analyze a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help remotely help other children .
[ I can look at a problem at a distance ] I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe address a harder problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm Japanese and half French , and you may remember , in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that started several giant waves , called tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroy various cities on the east coast of Japan .
Over 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima , a nuclear station nearby to water .
And today , as an average of 300 tons is still filtering from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by <unk> .
If we go to the West Coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it 's pretty safe , it 's blue .
Well , it 's a little more complicated than that .
I 've gone back to Fukushima every year from the crash and research independently with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to take kids .
Of course we did n't take them , the parents were n't allowed .
But every night we informed the control center -- here 's the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take work seriously , but they did it because they 're going to have to live with her whole life .
Together with them we discussed , we discussed the data that day , and we talked about what we were going to do later , the strategies , the <unk> and so on .
And to do this , we created an rudimentary map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the lift map , we introduced pigments to represent data in real time than radioactivity , <unk> water to simulate the rain .
So we could notice that the radioactive powder was filtering from the top of the mountain to the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was a <unk> estimate .
But based on this , we organized a civil expedition , the nearest to nuclear power to date .
We can zoom in to a mile of nuclear power , and with the fishermen from fishermen from the area , we were collecting sediments from the sea bed with a tracker of sediment as we invented and built .
Here 's a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open source technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been getting more frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all these things .
So the classroom became so small so much , we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optical , basically , can be built almost from all there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where the dreams of children can become reality with the aid of adults , and where adults can be kids again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like : Can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in the mobility of the elderly population transforming their standard wheelchair in new electric vehicles ?
The plastic , the oil and <unk> are terrible things , but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the kids in the horrific truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientists , creators , <unk> , we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people , and so that I can really do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two different cultures of radically different design .
One is made out of thousands of steel pieces , one of a single silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One puts over the environment , the other thing creates it .
One is designed by nature , the other one .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the marble of gross , he saw a figure that fights being free .
<unk> was only an angel with Michelangelo .
But the living creatures are n't <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we have all the information required for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least , from the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by relying on manufacturing and production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world made out of parts , bringing the imagination of designers and architects to think about their objects as <unk> parts of different parts with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> material in nature .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skins of the back are thicker with little pores .
One acts mainly as filter , the other mostly as a barrier , and yet it 's the same skin , there 's no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that vary gradually its functionality through <unk> variation .
Here 's a split screen that represents my view of the divided world , twice as much of every designer and an architect by working between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analysis and synthesis , shows on the two screens behind me .
My work , on your simplest level , tries to bring these two visions of the world , pull away from the assembly and approaching the growth .
You probably wonder : Why right now ?
Why was n't this possible 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special time in history , a weird moment , where they have four disciplines that offers access to tools that we had never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please know the minds and my hands of my students .
We 're designing objects , products , structures and tools through scale , large-scale , like this robotic arm with a scope of 24 meters in diameter with a car base that some day not far away will print entire buildings -- and graphics and graphic microorganisms out of genetically modified microorganisms .
So , here we have <unk> the Med , an archetype of ancient Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where every opening is <unk> to shape the form of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion parade of Paris with <unk> <unk> . It 's like a second skin made from one piece , <unk> in the outlines , flexible around the waist .
Together with <unk> 3D printing collaborator , we print this layer and 3D lap without seams between cells . I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines <unk> materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a <unk> scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments , allows the products to design products that are governed , not only the form of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair at the structural and comfortable chair and also absorb sound .
The professor Carter , my collaborator , came back to nature to inspire , and to design this irregular surface pattern , it becomes <unk> .
<unk> this surface of 44 different properties , which vary stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Their surface , as in nature , changes its functionality not by addition to other material or another assembly , but continuously continuously , and delicately that material property .
But is it ideal nature ?
Is there no parts in nature ?
I did n't grew up in a religious Jewish home , but when I was a young man , my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible , and one of them was left and got to define a lot of what I care about .
As she says , `` In the third day of the Creation , God sends the Earth to grow a <unk> tree of fruit . ''
For that first tree , there 's no difference between trunk and branches , leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land made the trees grow with branches , cortex , stems and flowers .
The land created a world made from parts .
I often ask myself , `` What would the design if the objects were made from one piece ? ''
Do we get a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material of the tree <unk> with fruit , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We think that if we can tune in to tune in their properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We made a lot of shrimp seed , <unk> and produced <unk> .
<unk> chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , tough and opaque , to light , soft and transparent .
To print the structures at large scale , it 's built a system with multiple varieties of <unk> <unk> .
The robot could change the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made out of a single , three feet , 100 feet long .
When the pieces are ready , it 's dry them to find a natural form of contact with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of printing was used to contain planetary microorganisms that first appeared on the planet three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> the bacteria designed to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition out of <unk> beam , and if it expanded even more , to windows .
A <unk> tree of fruit .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology , we have transformed a <unk> structure of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for objects designed to biodegrade , put in the sea , <unk> the marine life ; and put it on the ground , help grow a tree .
The fit for our next to exploration using the same design principles was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for <unk> trips .
To do that , we must dominate the bacteria and control their flow .
So as the periodic table , we did our own table of elements : new forms of life created chromosomes , made of additive and <unk> .
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid alchemy , just that instead of precious metals , new biological functionalities within very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We put our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothes , we combined two microorganisms .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and the water ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that inhabit in the human intestine .
One becomes the light in sugar , the other consumed sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothing .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution by design .
In order to contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that looks like a digestive tract , and to help that flow all these bacteria and that we can get their function on it .
So we started to grow those channels in the human body , let 's take the properties of the material by the desired functionality .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , let 's get more transparent channels .
This mainframe digestive digestive system , when you stretch from one end to another , it takes 60 feet .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times our intestine .
And here it is , as we 're at TED , our first portable photosynthetic channels , bright liquid channels in their clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We are <unk> creatures of fashion , only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half ?
And if we could create structures that increase living matter ?
And if we could create personal <unk> that we would embrace our skin , reduce the damaged tissue and hold up our bodies ?
Think of this as a form of editing biology .
I call this the ecology of material .
For that , you always have to come back to nature .
So now , you know that a 3D printer prints material in layers .
It also knows that nature does n't do this .
It 's growing . They 've got sophistication .
Now , this cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which they 're getting apart .
<unk> manufacturing is about this level of sophistication .
It does it through the combination of two materials , but two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other one is the glue , or the matrix , by incorporating those fibers together .
And this is happening through scales .
The silk worm first turns into the environment , it creates a structure of tension , and then it starts to get a cocoon of compression .
The tension and the compression , the two forces of life , manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to understand how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the row .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the cocoon of silk worm .
However , when you put the silk worm on a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that it 's going to be a cocoon , and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition , the cocoon , the cocoon , that 's transmitted directly through the environment .
You often get rid of silk worms to death within their cocoons , their silk disappears , and it 's used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates , we could shape the raw silk without boiling a cocoon .
<unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we put this process up to the architectural scale .
We had a <unk> robot by making silk templates , and we put ourselves on our site .
We knew that silk worms are going into the darker and cool areas , so that 's why we used a solar route to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure .
So we create holes or <unk> , to block the rays from light and heat , distributes the silk worms on structure .
We were ready to get the caterpillars .
<unk> <unk> silk farm .
And after they feed them four weeks , they were prepared to get to us .
We put them very carefully at the bottom of the scaffolding , and while <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , put eggs , and life starts again , like us , but much , much shorter .
Buckminster Fuller said that the tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
When you get biological silk about <unk> silk silk , they give all this pavilion .
And in a little more than two or three weeks , there 's <unk> silk worms .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
The moths , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A <unk> silk through a robotic arm , the other full empty arm .
If the last frontier of design is to give life to the products and the buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , the designers must bring these two visions of the world together .
Which brings us back , of course , at first .
Here 's a new design era , a new era of creation , which brings us from a design inspired by nature to an inspired nature of the design , which demands for us , for the first time , that we get in charge of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you ever asked them , `` What do you want to be bigger ? ''
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked the first time ?
They can stick with your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now raise your hand if the question `` What do you want to be ? ''
It has caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be bigger ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked the English , <unk> and art and developing websites , and also , he played the guitar on a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
You may have heard about us .
And in general , I like to try and persist anyway , for spending a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this feeling of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer a challenge , it gets to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to tell you about something else , something completely different , and I 'm going to get involved in it , and I 'll let me absorb , `` Yes ! I 've found myself , '' and then again this point where I start to <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn this whole thing into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , denial about all of my other passions , and let me go to <unk> .
Another reason that I had so much anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something wrong with me did n't take away at all .
I was concerned to be afraid of commitment , or being dispersed , or <unk> or my own success .
If you can relate to my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to have raised me then .
Ask yourself , where they learned to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned that : they learned from culture .
And we asked us first , `` What do you want to be greater ? ''
We 're about five years old .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what they 're going to do at that age .
It 's considered a naive issue to make nice answers in kids like , `` Being an astronaut , '' or `` being an <unk> , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
I 'm going to put the Halloween costume here .
This question is made over and over again as we grow up in various forms , and it comes back to high school students and ask them to pick up in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be greater ? ''
It 's going to be the cute exercise of before you take away sleep .
Why ?
If this question is inspired by kids to dream about what they might be , it does n't inspire dreaming of everything that they could be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when somebody asks you what you want to be , you ca n't answer it with 20 different things , but good adults probably do it laugh and say , `` Oh , what cute , but you ca n't be artisan and a psychologist . ''
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he 's artisan and <unk> artisan .
And this Amy Ng , magazine magazine turned into <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of destiny or true calling , the idea that every one of us has something to do during this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to that .
But what if you 're somebody who 's not connected in this way ?
What if there are many different issues that show your curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for somebody like in that frame .
And so you can feel only .
You can feel that you do n't have a goal .
And feeling there 's something wrong with one .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is someone with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath to say .
It could help if you divide into three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms that we 're going to get the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the Renaissance of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was fine <unk> in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
It takes any term you like or <unk> yourself .
It seems like a kind of training to a community , we ca n't agree with one identity .
It 's easy to see the <unk> as the limitation or you must beat .
But what I 've learned by talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths in being this way .
Here are three <unk> superpowers .
One : The synthesis of ideas .
That is , the combination of two or more fields and creating something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their shared interests in cartography , visualization of data , travel , mathematics and design , when I found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates inspired jewelry .
<unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea by his eclectic mixture of skills and experiences .
Innovation is happening in intersections .
That 's where new ideas come from .
And the <unk> , with all their background , can access a lot of these points at an intersection .
The second <unk> superpower is rapidly learning .
When we 're interested in something , we 're going to do it .
We looked at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to being beginners , because we 're a lot of times in the past , and this means we 're less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones .
A lot of skills are attached to other disciplines , and we bring everything that we 've learned to each new area that we 're going to pursue , so we rarely start from zero .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> and an independent writer .
As a little pianist was refined an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before becoming a writer , <unk> was a financial planner .
He had to learn the finest sales mechanics in their practices , and this ability helps to write compelling launches for publishers .
It 's hardly a loss of time to go to what you 're attracted to , even if you end it up .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third superpower <unk> is adaptability . That is , the ability to transform anything you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , other people , online pages designer , sometimes to Kickstarter it , sometimes teacher , and sometimes apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it makes a good job .
He 's even more valuable because they can take different roles , depending on the needs of their clients .
The Company Company defines adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so quickly and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to be able to satisfy the market needs , which we actually thrive .
<unk> of ideas , rapid learning and adaptability : three skills where <unk> are very adept , and three skills that you could lose if they 're stressed out if they 're stressed .
As a society , we have a great interest in foster the <unk> to themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need creative thinkers to be able to address them .
Let 's say they 're in your heart , specialists .
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you either .
In fact , some of the best teams make up a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put in practice ideas , and <unk> offers a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all have to design lives and careers that we 're going to engage with how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , in a large part , they 're encouraging them to just encourage them to be more like their specialized mates .
Once I said this , if there 's one thing you take from this talk , I hope that it 's this : <unk> with the internal wiring , whatever .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're going to run through all the media .
That 's where you 're going to give the best thing .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who have just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I tell you , <unk> with their many passions .
Keep his curiosity into those <unk> of rabbit .
<unk> intersections .
<unk> our inner wiring leads us to a most authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us .
Thank you .
In 1901 , a woman named <unk> took her to a psychiatric institution .
<unk> <unk> , and I could n't remember even the most basic detail of his life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
And I did n't know how to help <unk> , but she would take care of it until , unfortunately , he passed away in 1906 .
After his death , <unk> did an autopsy , and they found weird plates and repeated it into the <unk> brain , of one guy who had never seen before .
The most amazing thing .
If I had been alive today , we could n't give her to her more help than he was going to have gotten earlier .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
Of course , medicine has advanced a lot .
They 've been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect ourselves from infections , lots of treatments for cancer , <unk> for HIV , <unk> for <unk> and much more .
But a little bit of progress has progressed in Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for more than a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affecting 40 million all over the world .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million than , by the way , to include many of you .
If you wait to live until 85 years or more , the chance to get Alzheimer 's almost one of two .
In other words , there 's the probability that you spend their years with Alzheimer 's or helping care of a friend or loved with Alzheimer 's .
Just in America , Alzheimer 's costs about 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of health care is spent on Alzheimer 's disease .
Today , it 's the most expensive disease , and costs make it a five-year increase in 2050 , as the generation ages of the boomers .
You may be surprised , but Alzheimer 's is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it 's made relatively little to fight it .
Today , one of the first 10 causes of death around the world , Alzheimer 's is the only one that you ca n't prevent or cure or even slow their development .
We understand less Alzheimer 's disease than other diseases because we 've invested less time and money in the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that in Alzheimer 's disease , despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's disease , and it causes a similar number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : lack of consciousness .
Because this is what few people know , but everybody should be , Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the years for most of the years , everyone , even the scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's with aging .
We think that we 're going to become a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with the Alzheimer 's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to creating severe memory loss and mental skills , the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's reduces , significantly , life expectancy , and it 's always fatal .
Now remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's and weird <unk> in the brain of <unk> makes a century .
For almost a century , we did n't know much about this .
We know today that are made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds as an origami .
There are places in paper that are being sticky .
And when it folds well , these leg points end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some leg points are on the outside .
This makes the protein molecules <unk> each other , forming groups that can form big plates and fold it .
That 's what we see in Alzheimer 's brain with Alzheimer 's brain .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and identifying the identification on what step is complex , like defuse a bomb .
<unk> a wire could do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You 've got to find the right step that 's blocked it , and then create a drug that does .
Up until recently , the wires have reduced the wires and waited better .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticist , chemists , physicists , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . It 's now testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease .
I 'll show you some of our latest results .
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's look at some videos of what happened when we test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they move in normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have protein molecules that stick into each other , as humans as Alzheimer 's .
And you can see they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at a early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just an initial result , but research like this shows that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After looped years of waiting , there 's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But so that we can grow that hope , from overcoming Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not scientists like me , it 's about you .
We need to argue that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and if we try , we can fix it .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have witnessed more research and airline pressure , the pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to go forward with HIV treatment in the late 1980s .
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't speak for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers of their loved ones day and night , are often too close to getting out and advocating for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's is not , in most cases a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , who ca n't create the change they need to do .
<unk> for them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the column the New York Times , in January of this year .
To fall in love with someone , do this .
The article is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and from my own experience by trying to try it myself a night last summer .
So the procedure is quite simple : Two strangers are <unk> to do 36 and more personal questions and then both look at your eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions of example .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with an quality or skill , what would it be ?
28 : When did it be the last time you 'd come to another person ?
And just ?
It 's moving forward , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : -- I really like -- Tell your partner what you like from him or her ; I know really honest this time , and I gave things that you would n't say to somebody you 've ever met .
When I stumbled across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later , and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , it was a little bit skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the occasion of testing this study , with somebody who knew not particularly good , I did n't expect to crush .
However , we fell in love with , and I thought it was a good story , so I send the send to the column love a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's already August , so I guess some of you will probably be wondering : still remain together ?
And the reason I think you challenge this is because I 've done this question over and over the last seven months .
And this question is just about what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the subject .
One week before the article was published , I was very nervous .
I 'd been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I had been able to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog blog can come to a few hundred views like a lot , and those were usually just my Facebook friends , and I imagined that my article in the New York Times would reach probably a few thousand views .
And that comes a good charge of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as he got , I had no idea .
The article was published on a Friday night on Friday night , and on Saturday , this happened in my blog traffic .
And Sunday , I was called the Today 's Today Show and Good <unk> America .
In a month , the article received over eight million hits , and I was , for saying something , little ready for this kind of attention .
One thing is to encourage the confidence writing honestly about their own romantic experiences , but another thing is to find out that the loving life of one has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people call it or write , what they did every day for weeks , they were always doing the same question : still follow together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I did a quick search on the mailbox of my email with the phrase : `` Are they still together ? ''
And several messages came immediately .
They were from students and journalists and strange strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and asked him .
I even gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey , do you know where your boyfriend is ? ''
And I immediately became red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper , you should expect people feel comfortable asking about it .
But I was n't ready for the <unk> of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to be alive with their own life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's experiences , which included the experiences of readers when I test the study with different degrees of success .
So my first momentum was to be very secretive to my own relationship .
I said not to every request that both of us were both making a public emergence together .
I used TV interviews , and he refused the orders of photos of us two .
I think I was afraid of becoming the <unk> icons of <unk> , a range for which I did n't feel at all <unk> .
And I understand that people did n't want to know only if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked : whether it was , if it was able to produce <unk> love , not just an adventure , but real love , <unk> love .
But this was a question that I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially , people asked the wrong question .
How do we know if we would follow together or not , and then tell them ?
If the answer was not , I would make the experience of making these 36 <unk> questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in 1997 , and there , the research goal was not to produce romantic love .
Instead , I was looking for encouraging interpersonal approach between college students , using what Aron called <unk> personal , progressive , reciprocal .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants were felt more close to doing that . Several later studies also used <unk> protocol as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it between members of the police and the community , and they 've used it between people of opposing policies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk at a small liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and told me about shyness : I tried the study , and it did n't work .
He seemed puzzled by it .
And I said , `` You mean , you get rid of the person who you did ? ''
Well he paused .
I think she wants to be friends .
And I said , `` But they got better friends ? ''
Did you feel that they could make better know better after testing the study ?
The nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
But I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think that 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I stumbled across the study for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really difficult separation .
He had had that relationship since I had 20 , which I was virtually my adult life , and he was my first true love , and I had no idea how or I could live without it .
So I went to science .
And I did everything I could find about the science of romantic love , and I expected that that would sort of <unk> the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just did this for the book that I wrote , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought that if I built the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel that bad , and I used to feel like I felt .
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confident to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than reasonably they can demand me .
What I look for love is a guarantee , not just to be loved today and to be loved tomorrow , but to continue to be loved for the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people were asking when they wanted to know if they were still together .
The story that the media was told about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to somehow mitigate some of implicit risk , and this is a very appealing story , because in love it makes us feel beautifully , but it 's also terrifying .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short story of history .
The story of the story that you ask , are still together ?
And his content with an answer , or not .
So more than a question , I would submit that we 're asking more difficult questions , questions like : How do you decide who deserves your love and who is n't ?
How do you stay in love when things get tough , and how do we know when to cut and distance themselves ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live with the doubt of your partner ?
I do n't know necessarily the answers to these questions , but I think it 's a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love to someone .
So , if you want the short version of the story of my relationship , it 's this one -- a year ago , a well-known and I applied a study designed to create romantic love , fall in love with , we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But in love it 's not the same as to remain in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article , I wrote , `` Love did n't happen .
We fell in love with because we take the choice to be .
And I shudder a little bit about reading it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered everything that election was supposed to be .
I did n't consider how many times we would have both to make that decision , and how much I 'll have to keep doing that choice without knowing about whether he 's always picking or not .
I want it to be enough to have done , and I said 36 questions , I 'd chosen to love someone so generous and kind and fun and having expressed that election in the largest newspaper in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead , is turning my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what maybe my life is looking for is that myth is true .
I want the very happy ending to implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article that I actually did n't write .
But what I 've got in change is the opportunity to love someone , and the hope that he will also love me , and it 's terrifying , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by a few lesbian in full mountain , and in a way I got a little bit like a <unk> .
A while in New York City ago , something that really affected me , but more detail later .
I 'll start with when I was eight .
I took a box of wood , and I added a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some strangers or some aliens found this box about 500 years later , and we 're going to figure out how our species will make ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's very grace , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still making boxes .
At one moment , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go out of tour and surf and all those weird things -- and I was doing a collage of my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took it off all the pages and I made a kind of <unk> <unk> to the style of Agnes Martin , and a bee covered , and a bee was stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid of bees , and it 's attached to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking I could <unk> .
Instead , the other thing happened : somehow it seemed that it grew out of size , as if it was that I would kick the text with a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronics and frogs , strange bottles that I was finding out the street , all I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around objects , and I realized that God can draw in space .
I can flow out , draw the same way that you do about a body in the crime scene .
And I took the objects and I created my own taxonomy of specimens invented .
First , <unk> -- that you 'll be able to get an idea .
Then I made some insects and weird creatures .
It was very fun to draw in the resin of resin .
And it was great , because I started riding exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to bring my girlfriend for dinner , for example , go to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I became interested in the human form , sculpture sculptures of natural size with drawings of human beings within the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I died .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing in the glass layers , similar to the drawing in a window , and then another window , and I had all these windows together that replicate a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my <unk> work with something very big , which I call `` triptych . ''
For the triptych , I was inspired by a large measure in `` The garden of my delight , '' which is a painting in the <unk> Museum in Spain .
You know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic frame .
They say it 's a little ahead of their time .
Okay , `` triptych . '' This piece .
It weighs 11,000 kilos .
Five meters long .
It 's almost <unk> , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and <unk> .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They 're going to be the world of representation , to this analog analog mesh .
This is where the creatures with animal heads headed to the headlight , lists for suicide <unk> in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird god tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham stays in the sea ; the Horizon -- the <unk> platform of the <unk> <unk> -- the refuge of Osama Bin Laden , there are all sorts of weird things that you can find if they look very well in the ocean .
Anyway , also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand goes out clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it looks like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium .
So it 's a aspect of `` triptych . ''
It 's a little bit of a narrative .
That 's the hand that spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , you have a nose of a bird , and it spits out clouds from this nose .
It also has a <unk> tail long a snake tail that binds the `` triptych . ''
Anyway , their tail turn on fire to the <unk> on a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that happen , you know .
Their tail ends up in a eyeball of <unk> made out of terrorism cards .
Have you seen them ?
They were made in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards from terrorists .
It 's very <unk> at the time . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is a archive of our culture , through media and material , whether they be encyclopedias or dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of file in a way of being human , and travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they come together , divide .
And you can walk in between them . It 's getting years old .
Each one is basically a microscope , which weighs 1.3 kilos with a human being trapped inside .
This has a little cave on the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can get the input .
I 'm going to join the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall that comes out of the chest , and it covers your penis or <unk> , or whatever it has , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick practice of these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a body party in half .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between two .
There are some pills that come out and go into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the chest cavity .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , like the boxes that we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called <unk> <unk> .
Within this box there is a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a writer , a radio user , a museum , a school arm , which spreads all the content we do in the world , and a garden .
<unk> the box and all the people inside hits each other as particles .
And I think that 's how we change the world .
When you redefines them and the box in which it 's living in .
And together we get to realize that all of us are together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , from the borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very made of the same matter and in the same box .
And if we do n't start to exchange those things with sweetness , they 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do they do when your head hurts ?
They take an aspirin .
But for this pill to have an effect on pain , first goes through your stomach , your bowels and other organs .
I 'll take a pill is the most effective system , so that any drug <unk> effect on the body .
The downside , however , is that you get to <unk> any drug , it gets diluted out .
And this is a big problem , especially in HIV patients .
When they take antiretroviral drugs , they serve the amount of viruses in the blood , and it will increase the count of <unk> cells .
But they 're also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time that it takes to get to the blood stream , they will get rid of , and even worse for the time that it takes to get to their destination , which is more important : in the warehouse of HIV .
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead and does n't easily go into the bloodstream of the patients who are <unk> to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the treatment of treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment for life managed .
One day , I sat down and thought , `` Could we make the treatment directly to the virus warehouse , without the risk of dilution of drugs ? ''
As a scientist named lasers , the answer was in front of me : lasers , of course .
If you use dentistry , for caring for wounds and diabetes and diabetes surgery , they can be used for anything you can imagine , including transportation <unk> .
In fact , we 're using pulses of laser pulses to open up or drill extremely small holes , which open up and closing almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs .
The best people ask , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a small , powerful laser beam on the cell membrane with HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser goes through the cell , while the cell absorbs the drug on a matter of microseconds .
Before you even notice , the hole is immediately <unk> .
We 're testing this in vitro technology or in Petri dishes , but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 're going to make an incision on the infection .
The second head , which is a camera , leads to the infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , it releases directly into the infection , while the laser is used again to keep cells open .
Well , this does n't seem very much .
But one day , if you succeed , this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of every HIV researcher -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've been looking at state armed groups : armed organizations like terrorists , insurgents or militia .
They put out what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to better understand these agents of violence and study ways of encouraging the transition from violent participation to nonviolent confrontation .
I do field work , in the world of politics and in the library .
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost all conflict in progress , because the war has changed .
It used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between states and actors .
For example , of the <unk> peace arrangements between 1975 and 2011 , <unk> was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we have to understand these groups , we have even engage or <unk> in any process of successful conflicts .
But how do we do that ?
We have to know what motivates these organizations .
We know the reasons why they 're fighting , how they do it , but nobody analyzes what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and the policies are not armed .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups of today are complex organizations .
For example , <unk> Lebanese , known for his non-violent face against Israel .
From their creation in the 1980s in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a network of social services and a military device .
Similarly , the Palestinian Hamas , known for his suicide attacks against Israel , also runs the Gaza Bank since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just fire .
They 're multitasking .
It takes a complex <unk> machinery : radio stations , television channels , Internet websites and strategies in social networks .
And here you have the ISIS magazine , printed English and published to recruit .
<unk> groups also invest in a fundraising complex without looting , but by profitable business , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funding , to recruit better and build their brand .
Local groups also do something else : they create stronger ties with their population by investing in social services .
They build schools , run hospitals , put programs in professional or microfinance programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
<unk> groups are also trying to conquer the population offering something that the state does n't provide : safety and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in a Afghanistan torn by war , or even the beginning of the ascent of ISIS , can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an elevated price for the population .
But in general , providing social services means filling a vacuum , a divide gap by the government , and they allow these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the election victory of 2006 can not be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we look at armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
They grow because they fill gaps in the government , and they emerge as armed and political groups , participate in nonviolent struggle and governance .
And the more complex and sophisticated more sophisticated organizations are these organizations , and we can get something contrary to a state .
How do we call a group like <unk> ?
It takes part of a territory , they run all their functions , collect the trash , run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines were <unk> .
We live in a world of states , of course without state and hybrids , and the weaker are the states , like in the Middle East , and they 're going to fill that gap the <unk> actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups will have to invest more in the military tools .
It 's going to make the governance vacuum of government have to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important as well to establish and put the peace .
If we understand better in armed groups , we better understand what incentives to offer to foster the transition from violence to non-violence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can make some battles , but we will not give us peace .
To achieve these goals , we need long-term investments to fill that vacuum of security , to fill out that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman and a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the feminist label .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore , I 'm like a bad feminist .
Or , at least I wrote an article , and a book called `` The Bad feminist '' and then on the interviews , people started calling off the <unk> <unk> .
So what started as a personal joke meant to myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something bigger .
Let me take a step back .
When I was a young man , especially in my youth and 20 , I had strange ideas about feminist , these women who were <unk> , hearing with the men and hated sex . Like that was a bad thing .
Today , I see how women are treated around the world and anger , in particular , it looks like a perfectly reasonable response .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using the people to imply that I could be a feminist .
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo and unpleasant word .
I 'm like a woman who does n't follow the rules , who is asking too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it 's equal or superior to a man .
Nobody wants to be that a rebel woman , until it realizes that it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine being another person .
Eventually , as I grew up , I started accepting that I am , in fact , a feminist , and also , proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
They were paying the same pay for the same work .
We have a right to travel around the world as we can <unk> , free of harassment or violence .
We have right to use it as easy and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , no need for legislative controls or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to have to account our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , gender expression , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and much more .
We have to have to account these differences and how they affect us , the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I drive the job , I hear rap music to all volume .
Although the letter degrades women and offends me deeply , the classic `` Salt <unk> '' from the Yin yang <unk> is incredible .
`` Do n't reality with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , give him , <unk> until the shell does ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified for my musical taste .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all housework , but also killing insects , the trash collection , the <unk> of the lawn and maintaining <unk> .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
<unk> is my favorite color .
I love the fashion magazines and the beautiful things .
I can see `` The <unk> , '' and the romantic comedy , and I have kind of absurd fantasies of fairy tales that make a reality .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the last name of her husband , he 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise their children , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is socialized in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose .
We fix this problem .
The conventional feminism has been ignored , or orbiting the needs of the women of color , the workers , gay and transgender women , in favor of white , heterosexuals , middle class and high .
Listen , if that 's good feminism , I 'm a very bad feminist .
The next thing : As a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this trend of putting my highlighted feminist tendency on a pedestal .
We hope that we 're doing perfection .
When we got to us , we retired with a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I think I consider that pedestal before before I try to put myself there .
So many women , particularly the innovative and the leaders of the sector , are afraid of being tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm feminist , '' by fear of what that tag means , by fear of not being able to fulfill the <unk> expectations .
Take an example of <unk> , or like I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a feminist <unk> .
In L.A. 's <unk> Video , at MTV , at MTV , stood in front of the word `` feminist '' from three feet tall .
It was a magnificent show , looking at this pop star embracing the feminism and making women , and young men who be feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> time , cultural critics began endless , whether it was or not exactly feminist .
I would take his feminism , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman .
<unk> perfection of feminist , because we 're still struggling for a lot , we want a lot , we need a lot of it .
We 're going to be much beyond the frequency and constructive criticism , to really take the feminism of any woman , tear it apart until nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
evil feminism , or rather , an more inclusive feminism is the starting point .
But what happens next ?
We tried to recognize our flaws to account , move to action and be a little more courageous .
If I hear degrading music , I 'm creating a demand for artists to be more than happy providing an unlimited supply .
These artists would not change their way to talk about women in their songs until they make change actually affecting their profits .
It 's certainly hard .
Why has his music that will be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when bad decisions justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility .
I think in my nieces , three and four years old .
It 's two great , brilliant , brilliant girls , and also very brave . I want to grow in a world .
They 're going to be inspired by strong creatures that are being inspired .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best choice is a much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the canal when a television program is treating sexual violence against women , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change radio emitter when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to cinema on another part when movies do n't treat women more than decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their companions as boxing .
In any case , men , especially white men , heterosexuals can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in their magazine , participate in their project , or work with you , until you do n't have a number enough of women , so much to participate like making decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also afford them to be more welcome to overcome the barriers to decision decisions .
Because we 're not <unk> . Without these efforts , without adopting these positions , our accomplishments will mean very little .
We can make these little acts of bravery and expect our decisions to reach the top , the people in the power directors and film producers and music , CEOs , the legislators , the people who can make great decisions , more brave , to create a durable and significant change .
We can also tell with a courage , good , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> , '' says , `` Would you be a bad feminist not to do at all . ''
This is true because of many reasons , but I mean , mostly because the old voice my voice was stolen , and feminism helped me <unk> .
There was an incident .
I call it an incident to address what happened .
A few boys were telling me when I was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me as if it was nothing .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
I 'm going to make up my voice , and after all I did n't dare believe that I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I 'm going to fit into a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of the women who showed me that it was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also found that if I was a little brave , another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is nothing that the world is trying to tell us that we are .
In a hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other one , I argue the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way to think , what I say and what I do , without leaving everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a little brave , when you need such a courage .
Right after Christmas last year , <unk> kids in California had had measles because I 'd visited Disneyland or to be exposed to somebody who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting it to more than 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that may be fatal to a child with a <unk> immune system , is one of the most easily preventable .
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century , but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something allegedly worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the article that sparked the argument about autism and vaccines <unk> , disqualified and tagged for being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Do n't you believe the vast majority of intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupid ?
I think most of you know , but millions of parents all over the world are still following the vaccines that vaccines put in danger to their children of having autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the rising estimates of autism in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard about she believed to develop his whole professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , the prevalence of prevalence followed stable only three or four children per 10,000 .
But then in the 1990s , the numbers started to <unk> .
fundraising organizations like <unk> <unk> are referred to autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch from another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people from the Center for Disease Control from Atlanta , what 's going on , tend to be based on phrases like `` <unk> criteria '' and `` better detection of cases '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language does n't dissipate a lot of the fears of a young mother who 's looking for the face of his two-year-old son , the eye contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had a scale , why were they so tight at the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to figure out the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and cautious progress in the science that with the <unk> of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , the doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be fake , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global health health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go .
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital , in 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who looked at 11 young patients , <unk> the people around her , even their own parents .
You could have fun for hours by waving the hands of their faces , but they were prey to panic as when they do n't put their favorite toy in their standard rather than knowing them .
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic , <unk> <unk> that autism is very rare .
By the 1950s , as a major authority in the world in the subject , declared that I had seen less than 150 cases of their syndrome as they put references from as distant places like South Africa .
This is really no wonder , because the criteria of autism for autism diagnosis were very <unk> .
For example , let 's give that diagnosis to children with convulsions , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he was struck by that he had turned nine out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to her office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were n't <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold parents and <unk> .
These kids , he said , they 've been held very carefully in a refrigerator that did n't stop .
At the same time , however , I realized that some of his young patients had special skills that put in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in your clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before I turned two .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he correctly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But <unk> had a bad opinion of these skills , affirming things like the kids were simply taken by what they had heard of their parents ' parents , desperate to earn their approval .
As a result , autism became the source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own , becomes invisible to the world in general .
Amazingly , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started to test the <unk> theory that autism was rare .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , I thought the theory of mothers 's theory was quite stupid .
She and her husband John were warm and <unk> , and they had a deep autistic daughter called black-eyed Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a little girl without support services , no special education , and without access to other resources without a diagnosis .
So to defend at the National Service who were needed more resources for autistic children and their families , <unk> and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before .
They launched a study of autism prevalence in the general population .
I would take a suburb from London called <unk> to try to find autistic children in the community .
What they saw was clear that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , whereas others were <unk> in their fascination by astrophysics by astrophysics , or in the genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit in beautiful , <unk> , as Judith said , and they saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost to try to make sense of their data .
How did nobody ever noticed these kids before ?
But then I found a reference to a article published in German in 1944 , the next year to the paper article , and then he forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
<unk> knew about this article of competition , but I avoided <unk> mentioned in his own work .
There was n't even an English translation , but luckily , the <unk> husband was talking German , and he translated it for her .
The document offers an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger , who ran an integrated clinic with a high school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The ideas of Asperger 's ideas for teaching children , with learning differences , they were even aware of contemporary standards .
The morning in their clinic started with music exercises , and the kids were still on their games for Sunday afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as a <unk> disability that required customized forms of support and <unk> spaces over the course of life .
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's their little teachers , and he took to help in the development of education methods that were particularly suited to them .
Basically , Asperger 's saw autism as diverse as diverse as a staggering variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they have always been , seeing aspects of this continuum in the eye of pop-up culture as the awkward social scientist and Professor <unk> .
He was beyond even saying , that for success in science and art , a sample of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith found that <unk> was wrong when autism was <unk> , as well as the parents were <unk> .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American Association of Medicine to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that they reflect the diversity of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
By the end of the '80s and the early '90s , their changes came into force , by replacing the limited model of <unk> by a wide and inclusive .
These changes did n't go into a broken bag .
And I graduated from , and she was working between the back to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before he came out of `` Rain Man , '' in 1988 , just a little circle , <unk> by experts knew what autism was , but after the unforgettable performance performance performance , Hoffman and recognition , and parents all over the world knew what autism was like .
At the same time , the first easy clinical tests to use to diagnose autism .
I should no longer have a connection with that small circle of experts to make a diagnosis for your child .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' changes the criteria on the criteria , and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of autism .
The number of diagnoses began to rise , just like they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact expected that it was , making people with autism and their families finally get support and services that were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame the vaccines for the rise of diagnoses , a simple , powerful history , and seductive story as a theory of <unk> that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the prevention of a 68 children in America are in the spectrum , it 's right , autistic people are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
Over the last few years , autistic people have come together on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve by new breakthroughs , <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think of terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , it does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social obsessionally , and suffers from a deficit of attention to detail .
Now , autistic people have difficulty living in a world that 's not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still catching Asperger 's , which creates the `` cure , '' for the most abundant aspects of autism are in understanding teachers , employers with capacity , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck to embrace the ship of humanity . ''
As we browse into an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We ca n't afford to be wasted or a brain .
Thank you .
