You know what I do is write for children, and, in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in America.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress as a farmer, or with leather clothes, no one has chosen a farmer . .
I'm here today to talk today about circles and epidemics.
And you know that an epidemic is usually is something that fell at some place.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an episode.
That's the painting of a . .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolino.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in Stockholm, Ohio where I was the size of class.
When they were beaten to blood every week in the bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life to allow me to go into the bathroom room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought against AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the night I got a phone call of that teacher, the lady, he said,``I need to see.
I'm disciplined that of adults, we never know.
You could come to Ohio, , and please bring that guy that I know you've found.
And I have to tell you, I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to do with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see, we go to us, we cried, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we interact it, and we care it, and we care about their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so, as the woman I wanted to know as adults came to meet, it became a concept box, and it was my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, he had become a circle -- and that episode that I talked about it was made in itself.
The epidemic is that death is a part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her.
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, , and I'm very happy that today was talked about.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure . And it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me . .
Through my work, I I'm trying to express that humans are not separate of nature, and it's all interconnected . .
I went for the first time to Antarctica, almost 10 years ago, and there I saw my first jobs.
I was amazed.
My heart is quick, I was wonder, trying to understand what I was in front me.
And I took them to me around the water, almost 60 meters, , and I couldn't think that it was a little bit of a snow about another year after year.
Companies are born when they're dependent from glaciers or break the ice barriers.
Every company has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are going to go up and stay out to the end, whereas others can't get it more and stopped in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you look at a show, that are separate isolated isolated isolated and alone, in large as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a show is a is a, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a show of a, it frees rich freshwater water in minerals that feeds many ways of life.
I'm going to photograph these devices as if it was trying to be about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments, that way, and they won't go to exist that way again.
It's not death when they're melting; it's not an end, but a of your way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice that I photographed is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100 thousand years old.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are a company that photographed in Keerolin, Greenland.
It's kind of really really really really really really really really really get a round of a round.
Here you have.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters . .
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape and your floating line.
You can see here, it starts to roll, the ship has moved down to the other side and the man is there.
This is a member of Greenland, the average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is real time.
And so you take a lot of a different side of your personality.
Thank you.
I want to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same moment, every single baby . OK.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want to go too much on the details of conception, because if you stop to think about the concept in you, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage, I, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm goes to the chromosome X of the flight.
And in the other case, the text X of the sperm comes to the chromosome X.
They both learn and start life.
Let's talk about them later.
In my activity, it tends to take two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the history of the anatomy . .
I'm a history for formation, and what I study in this case is the way people embrace the anatomy -- to say, human bodies and animals, how they have considered body fluids, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other role that I'm showing in my work is an activist, as a patients's defense, or, as I say sometimes, defense of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for instance, with simple twins, two people in a same body.
I've worked with people with pheromones; it's much more low than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of an atheist, individuals whose physical technology doesn't fit in male displays and conventional female.
In general lines, we can call it intolerance.
Identity adds many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fit in the male common forms or female.
So for example, it's the case of the individual with the compassion of complex component, which's the Green Iraq of the chromosome and says to the odds, that we all have in the metal life, and it becomes testes.
And then, in the metal life, the testes produce testosterone.
But since this individual is going to lack of testosterone receptors, the body doesn't react to the same . .
It's the syndrome syndrome to adults.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body developed following a completely female course.
When I was born, the baby has a girl . .
It's a girl . is a girl.
And, often, it's not to the puberty, when it's growing and developing the breasts, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when somebody realizes that something is happening.
And then you're doing that, you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, actually, it's got technologies and a chromosome and.
The important thing to understand is that you can think that it's a man, but it's actually not this.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called superide glands.
They're in the body's body.
Solar glands produce arrogant, the hormone hormone.
Most women as I have a typical woman, it doesn't know their cosmic structure; I think it's a typical woman most of women as me are sensitive to adults.
We produce arrogant and we respond to adults.
As a consequence, somebody like me has the most exposed brain to the adults that the woman who was born with technologies that has the syndrome syndrome to adults.
So sex is a complicated thing . It's not that the antibodies are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways you can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago I got a call of a 19 years ago born and raised, and I had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, took a life like a boy and I just discovered that I had ovaries and uterus.
It had an extreme form of a disease known as superide spiritual hypertension.
I had the 20th chromosome, and in the uterus, superident glands were so active that, in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a result, their genitals were male, their brain was exposed to the completely male hormone component.
I was born with a kid; no one's suspect nothing . .
And it was at the age of 19, when I started having medical problems caused by the internal environment, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another example of an interdisciplinary case.
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what's known as an vote, , is, is to say, they have the original tissue wrapped in the headline tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many sex varieties.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- you know, you're flat, simple twins, or an amazing twins, or interestingly, you add normal surgeries is not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that you're emerging to several surgeries is that you're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being woman is to have female identity, supposedly, to be black to say to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simple idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with the category.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture, in our culture.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individual individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have kids who are born as two people in the same body.
The most logical case is last year with the South African cortex, and he put it in a trial of judgment, his sex's World International games.
Many journalists called to ask me,``What are you going to be doing to determine if Carl Simpson is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that don't exist.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a line, and women, or between men and women and women and women and women, and we are us who we treat that line.
So, what we have is a situation that the most advanced science, more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable academic categories that will run directly with stable ideas -- are much more difficult than we thought.
And it's not just sex terms.
Also in terms of race, something that's a lot more complicated than thermodynamics allows.
As we see, we get in a scared terrain.
Let's look at, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What about the fact to differ from them in just a few numbers?
And as we put in science, more and more in an awkward zone where we have to recognize that the simple categories that we manage are probably too simple.
And we're looking at this in all the myths of human life.
One of them, for instance, in our current culture, in the United States, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and in the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body is human, and it has different rights to faith.
There are very calculated discussions today, not in public, not in public, but I know within medicine about when someone's considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to fly with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of people put on the nose and if it moved still didn't understand it.
If I stopped moving it.
But today we can, for instance, extract vital organs of a body and put them into another body . .
And as a result, we must face the dilemma to determine the death of someone, and this puts us in a hard situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could make someone like me.
In politics I'm progressive, define people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it puts me nervous.
It's a lot more unstable than we thought of me.
It's tense from the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a self-design anniversary of the founders.
I know they were racist, I know that they were sexy, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and villages and so radical in what they did, I find me every thing looking at that music, and not by music, which is totally passionate.
It's why it happened in 1967 with the founders.
The founders were, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explain why.
What they were rejected was was an academic concept, and they replaced it with another that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as you all remember, what our founding fathers were the idea of the monarchy, the monkey is based on a very simple concept of the anatomy.
The old world's hands don't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were the idea that the political power is going to the political power of the blood transparency of the father and then the son, etc.
The founders were rejected that idea and replaced by a new academic concept, and that concept was that all men are created.
They lived the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the academic differences . That was something very radical.
And partly they were doing it because they formed part of a illustrates system where two things were spending.
It was spending democracy, and at the same time, the science.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the founding fathers, which many were very interested in science and in the idea of a . .
They were distance from the supernatural explanations, and they were going to get the concept of supernatural power, by the way of an idea empty of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look at, for instance, the Declaration of independence, talk about nature and the God of nature.
Don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell you who we are . .
And in fact, they were transforming the idea of an academic coincidence.
And by doing it, they were sitting the foundations of the future of Civil rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us and was great.
And what happened then?
And women brought.
Then I came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people in the Civil Rights quality, who said,``I'm not a? . ''
We found men in the final Rights movement, saying,``I'm a man . ''
And again, the color people who go on to an academic coincidence about academic difference, and, again, they brought.
We see the same thing with the Disconnected Movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the conditions we have to start asking why we keep a certain thing.
But, attention, I want to keep some academic dimensions in our culture . .
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights to a human.
I don't want to say that we had to go to the anatomy.
I don't want to say that the five years, they had to allow you to have sexual relationships or marry.
There are some academic dimensions that to me have sense, and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is trying to figure out what they are, why to keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two ones, the first of this talk.
We have two beings, both concepts in 1979 exactly the same day.
Let's imagine that one of them, Mary, was born three months before time: one of June 1 1980.
Henry, by the opposite, was born in terms: was born by one of the one of March's March.
For the only fact that I've been born three months before Mary was attributed all the rights three months before to Henry -- the right to the sex, the right to the vote of the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born.
We found other features in relation to their rights . .
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- -- right, I don't tell you, if it is mysterious, in virtue of being considered a man now, is possible from the operational shift that Mary doesn't have to worry.
Mary, because of its part, it doesn't have the same rights to the marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry in all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry with a woman just in some states.
So you still have academic categories that in many ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science is going on in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a based democracy in the anatomy could be developed?
I don't want to go to science, but at the same time sometimes, I feel like science.
Where do we go?
What happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude,``Well, we have to bring the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are trapped in a.
For example: Texas in a certain time has decided to marry with a man, you don't have to have chromosome and that to marry with a woman, you have to have chromosome and.
Now, in practice, they don't make a crazy test to people.
But this is also very strange because of the story that I told you at the beginning of the isolation syndrome to adults.
If we look at one of the founders of modern democracy, Dr. Mars Luther King, in his discourse,``I have to sleep ,"offers a solution.
It says that we should judge the people,``doingn't in the color of your skin, but in the content of your character ,"getting beyond the anatomy.
And I mean,``Yes, the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice, how do you do?
How do they judge the people in the basis of their character?
I want to be able to feel that I'm not sure that we had to get to us in this to give you rights rights to people, because I have to admit that I know from some veterinarians, they probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some workers that I know can take more informed and smart decisions on their sexual relationships that people in 40 I know . .
So, how do you put in practice the content of character content?
It turns out very difficult.
And a part of me ask what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to follow this kind of kind of thinking in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've made a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll make a good job in the future.
We don't live, for instance, in a context like the Iranian where a man who feel attracted by other men's other men is sustainable to be killed, unless it's willing to serve a sex shift, in which case is to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made light twins to then separate them, and then to act their fame.
But when the phone asked the point of operation, it was a very risky operation, and he responded to me that the other country, these kids would be very upset, and so I had to do it . .
What he said,``Well, has it considered the political asylum instead of the surgical separation? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who are not going to be able to change for the right of the state.
So I think we have to be at the head.
Well, to finish, I mean I've been talking a lot of the parents.
And I want to think about how democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we would have been more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist, and it's that I think that there can be different ideas from different ideas, in particular if there are people thinking in groups.
For years, since I've been interested in the interconnectedness, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women, in average, not all, but in average tends to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands . .
A few years ago, one of my advisers I knew that I was interested in the feminist -- I was considered feminist, as I was made a strange plant.
\" Tell me what the feminist has . ''
And I thought,``It's the most silly question I heard.
The feminist has to do with detecting gender stereotypes, so there's nothing feminine in the feminist . .
But the more I've thought about his question, more has a female thing in the feminist.
I mean, there might be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if the parents were very closely going to find the way to protect people in the state, it's possible that, to have introduced more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have been enriched the concept of protection with the support support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy: think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more in relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect, we think about what we do with others.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to recognize how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we are far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that it's worth much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily get it to the world tens, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartments of apartments.
Imagine that half the people who would like to live in apartments were already propositions, and that to the other half, I would still fail to do it.
You could try to increase the capacity by making apps in all the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem they face is that those buildings and the areas that surrounded them have norms to avoid the forests and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all those applications.
But you could go to a totally new place, building a totally new apartments, always, and when the norms of that place makes the construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new enough reform zones to contain cities, and I gave them a name, cities.
Later to me in the same time, Japan and October were thinking about the challenge of reform hormones.
They knew that every year about 75 thousand people coming out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009 , 2001 happened by a devastating institutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Poor Lobe, in the following a platform in which I promise reform and at the same time.
I asked October that was his head of cabinet . .
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal . .
Through a process of learning, trial and error and a great amount of testing with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities down to their ideas more essential.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those norms that they say that you can't go and throw all the current apartments of apartments.
We present a lot of attention to new technologies, but it needs so much of technologies as a rules to progress, , and usually are the norms that prevents us to move.
In the age of 2010, a Gurman friend sent him to October with the TEDTalk.
I showed to Japan.
They called me.
They said,``Let's introduce this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December, we met in Miami, in a conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York, see -- land that, in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a fairly abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, October said,``Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk talk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a low city is a place is a place where it starts with developed terrain, a, the rules that will apply there and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Honduras called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this might be the way to be the way for our country.
He asked me to go to Textality and would talk about new four and five.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, I tried to explain that to get a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver and white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Just this airport covered over 100 square miles . .
So I was trying to convince the hormones that to build a new city, you have to start with a place that measures at least a thousand square miles.
That's more than 100 acres . .
All the world applied correctly.
The public faces were very serious and attention . .
The leader leader came to the platform and said,``Professor Rover, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk talk.
I have here in my computer . ''
So I sat and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains how essential -- that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a city of a city that you could go to be in Honduras, instead of hundreds of miles north to North.
And also included new choices for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Honduras government would need aid of companies, and they could benefit from the countries that would help us to establish and make the rules of the status, so that everyone could trust the status, so that they could be able to trust the status.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could be a thousand square miles.
And shortly later, the 19 of January, voted in Congress to learn their constitution and add a constitutional device that allows to create these special regions of development.
In a country that's just going on for this painful crisis, the vote in Congress in the conversation of this constitution was 12 to one.
All the parties, all the factors in society, they were responsible.
To engage in the constitution, you have to take two times in Congress.
The 17th of February was approved again in another vote, from 1.4 to one.
Immediately after the vote of 21 to 24 February, a of about 30 students was to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in cities.
One of them is South Korea . .
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is building in South Korea; it's bigger than the Boston center.
All you see there in four years, after you spent four years to get permission.
The other country interested in the city construction is Singapore.
In fact, they've been built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a . .
And if you think about this, practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a.
They're preparing a of the legal system that would allow them to come out, and then it would allow you to operate under a external legal system.
A country has already been committed to allow your Supreme Court is the last point for this new public system.
There are urban turbines and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know that they've already solved is that they have a good number of residents.
There are lots of companies that would like to install in America, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change the other place.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents that have to leave behind their family to go to get a job; sometimes they are solar mothers that have to win the money to just eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even there are kids who are trying to meet with their parents that haven't seen, in some cases, in a . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
So what seems to think about the construction of a new city in Honduras?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about trying to think that families can choose between several cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea that's worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say, said,``Thank you . ''
I'm Jesse, this is my value . .
But before I show you what there is in, , I'm going to make a public confession, and it is, live with the suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photographing and publish in my blog, and the colors and different for each other.
But I didn't buy anything new . .
All my clothes is a second hand of public markets and stores in second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my garage in the environment and my wallet.
I'm going to know interesting people, because of my money goes to a good cause; my aspect is unique, and buy it becomes my own tests.
I mean, what am I going to find today??
It's going to be from my workshop?
Do I like color?
Take less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've gained . .
Going back to my value, I want to tell you what I started for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what's someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven pieces of inner clothes, nothing else.
It's interested for exactly a week is all I've put in my inability.
I imagine that it would be able to find everything else I'd like to use, after getting here to Palestine Springs . .
And because I don't know how the woman who walks through TED in inner, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now to this week.
Don't it sound interesting?
As I I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not use new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can almost see phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
The whole set, including the jacket, I cost 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be a, when you're seeing a brilliant red display.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is wrong.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time to integrate.
I just know yourself . .
If you're surrounded from the right people, you don't just understand you, you will have you.
Wednesday: The girl who are going on.
And sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the deserts, or I remind them to their little seven years.
I like to smile and say,``Thank you . ''
wheels: trust is the key.
If you think you're looking at something, it's almost sure you're.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it's probably true . .
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you haven't look at you.
So there's no excuse for anybody from this audience.
We must be able to do everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Friday: A universal truth six words for you: the golden lenses go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: I develop a very strong, unique style to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tested it again and again when people came up with this week simply by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all this is not going to enter my little value.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I I.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn about this week is that you have to leave behind some things.
I don't need to affect these things, because at the corner of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colored and bright, waiting, , a, my heart and search.
Thank you very much . .
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the attitude of every hemisphere, we could design a planet of our brain.
For instance, this would be someone who is completely logical . .
This would be someone who's totally intuitive . .
So where does your brain do in this scale?
Some of these extremes would say by one of these extremes, but I think that for most of the interest of this audience, your brain is something like this -- with a huge attitude in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logic and intuitive . .
I think one of those people, which as most of the other quantum physical physical physicists, we need quite a lot of logic to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite much intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well we like to play with things.
We're going to play with them, and then we see how they react, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that can have developed with the step of the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in a place at once.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, , but you weren't born with this notion, develop.
I remember watching a kid playing in a parking bar.
It was a small kid, and I didn't do it very well, it always fell . .
But I bet that the playing with that barrier of parking, I taught a valuable lesson, and it is that big things don't allow you to bring them, and you stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that can have the world, except to be a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physics, because they don't play with parking bars, play with these bizarre particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really bizarre things -- like that they can bring walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, the theory of quantum mechanics.
In that point, it was the physics some years ago; they needed the quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But they didn't need to describe the big objects that surrounded us every day.
That didn't go very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen it.
I mean, nobody saw a particle.
But it's not going to my logic part.
Because if it's all made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then I shouldn't have the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why I shouldn't.
And so I felt much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also followed the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why I do some years ago, I'm going to do exactly that . .
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that it's been in a quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal season that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to take it a little bit . It's right on the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the small piece of metal.
What we see is a little metal piece of metal, in the form of transplant, and it's support on a platform.
And then I did this almost in the same way that you would make a chip . .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this book with a form of swimming of nation that gets under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum assumption, but for it needs a little bit of aid.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be a full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator just, I all sorts of weird things, , then, other people, but then, when other people are trying to do those things, because I don't want to bother them, or, actually, scared.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The old objects of inanimate objects are not only people, it's also the light, and the wind that's going on to their side and the heat of the room.
And so we knew that if we wanted this metal piece of metal, the quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers.
And that was what we did . .
Let's take the lights, then we introduced a aspiration, and we extract all the air, and then we face it to a temperature of less than a degree above the zero zero.
Now, when you're only at the elevator, the little piece of metal is a free metal of acting as it wants . .
So we measured their movements.
We found it move in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly, I was vibrating, and the way I vibrate was like a breath of this shape -- like a force that expands and contract.
And when I'll give you a smooth, we could make it vibrate, and it doesn't go to the same time -- something that only happens to quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a virtual thing, and not the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In a case: all the tons of atoms that make that piece of metal are stupid and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just as well as they align.
In the rest of the time, they're qualified.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, what it means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Really.
It was worth to get into a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between a single atom and that metal metal is more or less the same than the difference between that metal season and you.
So if a single thing can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you?
I mean, it's my logical part.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, how would it be??
How do you go to your consciousness if your body was involved in space?
There's another part of history.
And it's when we heat it, , and we get the lights and look inside the box, we saw that the metal followed there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, seemingly all the objects in the elevator are actually only quantum objects that are just made in a . . . . . . . . . . . .
You hear a lot about the quantum mechanics that's all interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surrounded you, literally define who you are, , and that's the depth of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Ethiopia . .
And 18 months ago, another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related with museums and art to my boss that's here and he allowed me to take it back.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, you know, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo . .
There's a lot of stories why we did it.
I think my own story is simply explaining in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
It's a great education, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and art.
So when I started traveling and go to museums, I started to learn a lot.
And working on Google, try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a of people, and we started doing it.
Better that shows the demo to then explain a couple of interesting things that we've taken to know from their launch.
So, just, we go to Coperia . .
Look around all the museums there.
It's the University, the MoMA, the Emman, the Risks, Van Gogh . .
In fact I'm going to go into one of my favorites, to Metrolon-dollar, the New York museum.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple . .
We do click, and, you know, we're within the museum.
It doesn't matter where you're, Bombay or Mexico, that actually doesn't matter.
You move out there and divide.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We open up the planet, and, with a single click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, wanting to go at the end of the hallway.
Keep forward . .
Explorer.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Corrections"from Peter Brou at Meldy.
I see the sign!
If the museum shows us the image, , we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metadata information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the digital technology.
So this image, for instance, contains, I think, about 10,000 million pixels.
And there are many people who ask me,``What do you get with 10,000 million feet? ''
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million pixels.
It can make boom around a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to play.
So I started playing, and I found with something that happened there.
And I said,``A moment, this seems interesting . ''
And I came and discovered that children were actually playing something.
I was researching a little bit, I talked to some people from Metrolon-dollar, and I actually discovered that this is a game called [unclear], which is going to hit an area with a stick with a stick.
And it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get you even deeper and you'll see that you can actually get to cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to leave the picture, you'll see what there is.
Here's where we were, and this is the painting.
The best is for coming, a . .
So now we go back again to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites,``Last night . ''
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the paintings?
And if you want to see how to go Gogh actually created this work?
It increases it, and it really does.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this square, and I'm really going to get to cracks.
This is``Last night ,"I think I've never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another of my favorite functions.
There are many things more here, but I don't have time to show them.
This is the really cool part . It's called``College . ''
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter if it's rich or poor, or if you have a phantom, it's just like . .
You can online your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we go, -- I've created this function that I call``The Power"-- we just made a boom around.
It's``Embracing"in London National Gallery.
You can put things, send it to their friends and keeping a to what you feel by contemplating these masters.
So in conclusion, I think that for me, the main things is that all amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, even not come from the museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium makes justice justice to your artwork, and it's actually represented in line . .
And the big question I do today is,``You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is not . .
It's to implement the experience.
And that's all . Thank you . .
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm an Italian origin, all the children in Italy grow up with this picture in the wall in your bedroom, but the reason I show you this is that it has happened to be very interesting in the walls of Foreon 1 in the last two decades.
It's just a few time ago, if you wanted to win a formula of Muslim 1, I took a budget, and I put it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot was good enough, you win the career.
This is what, in engineering, is called a real time system.
In essence is a system that has two components: a sensor and an accident.
Now what's interesting is that control systems in real time are starting to enter in our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers to free air . .
And as you're starting to respond differently, and you can be detected and actions.
It's going to indicate cities is great.
As I noticed, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and until 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be big.
Beyond cities, all these differences and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Paul Antarctica in the MoMA, during the summer.
It's called``Talk To me . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
In a certain way, it's like all the existing atoms become sensors and attitudes.
And that's changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a certain sense, it's almost like the old grandfather of Miguel.
You know, when Mike Angeles sculpt the Moses, it says that at the end, I took the hammer, and I brought it to the Moses, and you can still see a little bit underneath, and he said to shout,``Excuse? ''
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts talking.
And I'm going to show you just some examples; you're looking at the idea of capturing the environment and make something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with luck of 2006 . .
It was the year I won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end of the Beath, the head.
And anyway, at the end of the last Italian.
Now let's see what happened to look at the activity happening in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Colombia in the middle and the Earth.
It's the morning, before the game . .
The time is on the top.
In the evening afternoon there are people over here, and there, and there, moving.
It starts the Party: silence . .
Gulf from France . .
Extent; people do a, and it goes to the bathroom.
Second time . End of the regulatory time.
First additional time.
Bad, and at a moment, the head.
Gand Italy, yes!!
That night was going to celebrate the center.
You see the great summit.
The next day they all went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then all the world goes down . .
You see the image of the place called Court Maslow where, the Roman disease, people will celebrate; it's a big party, you can see the summit at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way we wouldn't have a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but of things we use and consume.
Today we know all about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed a little bit of small tags to track the garbage in their shift by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to tag what they were running, different kinds of things, you can see, things that anyway.
Then we put them a little chip, a tag, to the garbage, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
after a week . .
With this information, we realized that there are many infections in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
This is data that they didn't exist.
They're happening complicated things and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think is that if you look at every day that you take the cup that you don't disappear, that's still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we take a day still still go there.
That if you show people that to people, then we can promote some change of behavior.
That was the reason the project.
My colleague of MIT, Assemble Brown, I could tell you a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we start at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Bangalore.
It all started with a question of the city of the city, who came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the water of public spaces in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how do technology do, the new technology, going to that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop, it was, imagine that they have a chaos and valves, the fly, solid, languages that are opened and they closed.
It creates like a water cart, with water water.
If you fall the pixels, you can write in them, show patterns, images, text . .
And when you zoom on, the curtain will open so we can go, as you see in the picture.
We present this to the Black mayor.
He liked a.
And they leave a commission to design the building to the entry.
We call it Palestinian Water Parks.
All the building is is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you're going to get open to you that you can happen.
The roof is also covered from water . .
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the sneakers, it gets down the roof . .
Or you can close the building, and all the architecture disappears, like this case.
These days will always be someone, in the winter, when they go down the roof, somebody who was there and said,``Let's reduce the building . ''
No, it's not that they have demolished it, but when it gets down almost the entire architecture.
Here's actually working.
You see the people wrong by what happens inside.
And here I am myself trying to not move the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what a night happened when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the kids in Baker came to the building because the way of interacting had changed a little bit.
It wasn't a building that would be opened to stop going on, but a building that kept doing costs and water holes, and you had to jump up to don't move.
( Out of people) And for us that was very interesting because as an architect, engineers, designers, we always think of the use that people give to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And it's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use . .
This is a picture of the building with physical balls, water water, and processes on them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and each one has a little ball that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like that we saw before, that moves with others in sync.
We could form this cloud.
And a kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where it changes is light, not the position of pixels.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different types of resolution.
And then all that could be a subject of pixels in 3D, which you can go back, and you go back, and see from very diverse angles.
This is the real Florida freedom, going down to form a . .
When the light looks like, you see this . The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time . .
We've been working with Robert Bolt -- one of the best ballet dancers of today, the star of the New York City, and the Miltakol star to capture their movements in 3D and use it as an input for Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left, you see the pixels, the chapter in different solutions.
It's so much 3D distribution in real time as a movement.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can get all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible thing in Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the Olympics Olympics of London.
It's called the cloud . .
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and changes our environment, and it changes our environment, and it's like a cloud of creatures like the grain of grain, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everybody would take a little bit for a pixel.
And I think what's remarkable that has happened in the last few years is, in the last two decades, we go the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, as knowledge, is accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time and the campaign of Obama, I showed you, we can spend the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city . .
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges today: think of climate change or CO2 emissions . How do we spend the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved to do this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud, they are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, , but it covered of pixels . .
You can move inside, have different experiences.
It can see from the bottom, to serve to share the main moments of the Olympics Olympics, and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So, it's such a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up, like a new summit of London.
You can go there.
As if it was a new digital face at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anybody who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
They're supposed to tell you that, with just a few changes in your genes, you could improve memory -- for a more accurate, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better ways, to be more strong, to have more resistant.
Would you like to be more attractive and insurance of yourself?
What about living more with good health?
Or maybe it's from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you like?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
( Audience member: Creative.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand . Let me see.
A few . You probably had the number of creative people.
That's very good.
How many people choose memory?
A few more.
And the physical state?
A little less.
What about longevity?
Oh, most . That makes me feel very well as medicine.
If you could have something about this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or might it be possible?
Evolution has been a permanent issue here in the TED Conference, but I want to give you the look at a doctor on the subject.
The great genome of the 20th century, TED . Dosuans, as a combination in the Church Organic Church, wrote a testing trial``Nothing in biology has a sense to the light of evolution . ''
But if you effectively accept the biological evolution, you consider this: it's just the past, or the future?
Do you mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life . .
The human part of this branch, well in an extreme, , it is, of course, that we're interested in.
We have a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the intervention has been maybe 20 25 different species of hominids.
Some have gone and forth.
We've been here about 12,000 years . .
It might seem to seem that we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, in the most basic machinery of our cells is more or less.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a to produce the protein of the human insulin that's used to treat the diabetes?
This is not like the human insulin, but it's the same protein, it's the same protein, and it's the same protein, which comes from the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacteria intestine than the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times.
I mean, you know, when Antonio Lama is going to put the autonomous -- think about bacteria?
The gut is an amazing environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, liver, , is very aggressive . .
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that can want without effort of their part.
It's really kind of like a quick thing for the bacteria with the ocean interaction of some body.
But then, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what's the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or do you go into something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief, the animal kingdom, as a single and only companies, and human life, a, a small note of grace.
That was us . .
And it was also the trained part of this talk, so I hope you have enjoy it.
When I came to college, I had my first biology of biology.
I was fascinated by elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell into the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: in most of the existence of life, in universal organisms, every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters.
But when we look at molecular organisms, things start to change.
It goes on the sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the appearance of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you could say that the instability of the death of the body is in evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was college student, I thought, well, sexy, sex, death, death for sex; it seemed quite reasonable at that time, but with every year that was going, every time I had more doubts.
I got to understand the feelings of George bubbles, who still fit in the Vegas Vegas in their 90s.
And one night I hit your hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front he finds a magnificent dancer of clothes.
I look at it, and he says,``Hey, look at a sex soup . ''
\" Okay ,"he says George,``I choose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, I was working for a of the target of evolution; not necessarily contradiction, just different . .
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted to be healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease . .
I wanted to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is going to spend the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generations after generations.
From an evolutionary view, you and I are like a design rockets to send the genetic charge to the next urban level and then let's leave the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling to express Woody Allen when he said,``I don't want to get immortality through my work.
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the stronger or the faster and even the most intelligent.
Evolution favors the best adapted to their environment.
That's the only proof of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the terrible bacteria that you can survive the heat of the families that produce, if there were fish there, fish back to the vacuum, yet, they have been able to do that an actor environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we're going to think about the place of humans in evolution and, in particular, if we look at the bottom, the next phase -- and I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that by medicine, in first place, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been decentralized and elements of the population . .
And secondly, as a species, we've made our environment in order to adapt to us as we adapted to him.
And by the way, we're going to look at, we're going to communicate, and we mixed so much that it's not possible to have the isolation necessary to have the evolution.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of traditional, natural type of the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the gears of evolution are waste, but they're inevitable . .
And as a isolation: when as a kind of colleagues we classify different planets are going to exist the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in natural ways.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive possibility, an international possibility, an intriguing ,.
The negative call, the new evolution, which is not just natural -- but it's driven and choose for us as individuals in the decisions we take.
Now, how could this happen??
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more values than women.
It's not really good for society, but it's what you choose to individual and family.
Think also that if you're able to be able to choose not just sex of your offspring, but in your own body to make the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could do the genetic changes to eliminate the diabetes or Alzheimer or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminating the support?
Don't you want to do those changes in your genes?
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and 12 years.
I cost 2,200 million dollars . .
The next year of being finished, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three million pairs of human genome to a to a nearby cost to the $to 20,000 and in a week.
It's not going to be a lot to make the human genome for $1,000 and it will be increasingly more and more of all.
They get those changes.
The same technology that has produced the human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or there's no experimental trial on the course of the vaccine against the growing influence in the cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good to go out of the tobacco?
That's reality today and the future is going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine just other two little changes.
Can you change your body cells, but if you could change the cells of your offspring?
And if you could change the sperm and the flights, or changing the very fertilized flight, and give your children a better chance of a, to eliminate the diabetes, to remove the hemisphere, to reduce the risk of cancer?
Who don't want healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same point of science that can produce changes to prevent disease, is going to allow us to be able to embrace spaces -- a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jeanny on all if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why don't it have a microphone that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why don't it live more time?
This is going to be irrelevant . .
And when we're in conditions to pass this at the next generation, and we can embrace the attributes that we wanted to have the evolution of the evolution before.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100 thousand years, and we can buy it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happens within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to have them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or, are we going to pick up relatively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that's more boring and more uniform or more response?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing about all: we're going to be able to develop the wisdom and to inherit the wisdom necessary to take these decisions.
For the wrong, and before what you might think, these choices will depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're 100 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor making calculus, click, class . .
Clay, clearly, Clay, class.
Well, I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the 11th . .
It was the only one I could talk with the flight assistants.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had seen the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot lies the plane with the Hudson River.
Usually that's not the route.
I hit motors.
Imagine being in an airplane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most unknown words I've heard.
He said,``prepare for the impact . ''
I didn't have to talk more with the flight assistant.
I could see it in your eyes.
It was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought in all the people who wanted to get and didn't, all the things I wanted to repair, all the experiences I've wanted to have, all the experiences I've wanted to have, and I never had.
As I thought about that, I came up with a phrase, which is,``Collective wine calculation . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life . .
And that urgency, that purpose, has actually changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we avoid the George Gaggs Bridge, who didn't go for a lot -- I thought about, Fox, I really feel a big step.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity, I also gave my ego.
And it's just the time that I woke up in things that didn't matter with people who are important.
And I thought in my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years I haven't had a movie with my wife.
It feels wonder.
I don't try to have reason; I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is saying,``15 , 14 , 13 , 13 . . ''
You see water's water.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, , I had the feeling of, Google, dying not fear . .
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness was sent in a single thinking, which is, just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids growing.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a talented -- still, and scream, cry, like a small.
And for me, that was all the reason of being the world.
In that point I understood, by connecting those two dots, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a big parent.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent.
I became a miracle, not to die that day.
And I became another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and come back and live in another form.
You're flying today, the challenge you imagine that the same thing happens in your airplane -- and please don't be like this -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What would you do, you still expect to do because you think they're going to live forever?
How do they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And the most important thing, are you being the best parents you can?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDTalk.
TEDx was one of the most important preference in the '80s . .
A day came to his house after running and said,``Dad, I feel an ant on the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TEDster has a total paralysis.
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced in me . .
I have a design company and animation, so, obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided that we were going to fight Tony, TEDWomen, and their cause.
So I went and came up with her brother and her father and I said,``Let's give you this money.
What are going to do with him? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to talk with Tony again . .
I just want to communicate with him, and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, isn't it that I see Stephen Hawking is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you're someone important, and you have a very good insurance you ca not actually do it . . ''
These devices are not affordable for people . . ''
And I said,``Well, how do you communicate then? ''
Does anybody see the movie``The Standard and your butterfly? ''
They communicate that way -- they're going to kill the finger.
I said,``That's irrational . How can it be? ''
So I sat up with the only desire to get a skeleton, and instead of it signed a skeleton that didn't have the least idea of how to cover.
I was committed with her brother and his father there,``All right, this is the treatment: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to make their art again . . ''
Because it's ridiculous that someone who have both in their inner can't communicate . ''
So I talked about a conference a couple of months later . .
I met these guys called GPS``Greece Research Lab ,"which has a technology that allows you to protect a light in any surface, and then, with a laser dot, draw on that and record the negative space.
So they go through doing art facilities like this.
All the things that appear, they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
First they start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the words to Bush and, at the end, people start doing art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And so the journey began.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization, and a lot of to move things on one side to another side, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we play the doors of insurance companies, and we got a machine for TEDWomen, , a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great . .
And, seriously, it's the most fun; I call him a YouTube because when I talk to the guy, you get a email email of it, and you say,``I don't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was to bring up to seven programmers of all the corners of the planet to our house.
My wife, the kids and me, we moved into the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and conservations and astronauts took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something totally stupid, and that when we were going to go back to the squares of walls and in their place would have graffiti.
But for two weeks, we went to the Mariable step of Venice, my son was part, my dog also, and we created this.
It's called Eight.
They're a single of the cheap that we bought in the sea floor of Venice Beach, and some of the copper and things from Home Department and Rap Shaki.
We take a Paperable camera, we opened it, we put it on a LED light, and now there is a device that's free -- it built yourself, we put the code free the software is low free.
And we created a device that doesn't have limitation at all.
There is no insurance company to say``No . . ''
There's no hospital that can say``no . . . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . That was awesome . .
So at the end of the two weeks, we came back to TEDWomen room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's their room.
There was all this balance and an asteroid during the great location.
And then more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions at night, Tony went back to drawing for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and it's looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so he could see . .
And we put a project on a wall of the outside of the hospital.
And he went back to drawing for the first time in front of her family and friends and imagine what the feeling was in the parking parking.
The funny thing was that we had to build in the parking, so we feel as if we were picking the graffiti too.
At the end of this he sent us an electronic email, and this was what he said,``This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt as if I had been under the water, and somebody finally came to rescue, and I would get out there so that I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful??
In a way that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in movement . .
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a Street . .
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all sorts of recognition.
We've gained many awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us is doing money with this.
It all comes out of our own pockets.
The awards were the guy,``Oh, this is fantastic . . ''
Armstrong took something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine reminded us as one of the 50 best inventions, and it was really cool.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what I finished to close the circle is that in April of this year at the GPS GPS in the center of Los Angeles in the center of Los Angeles, it's going to be an exhibition called``Art in the streets . ''
And``Art in the streets"is going to have the best experiments of the urban art, Pakistan, Sarah Francisco, CAOS, all they're going to be there.
TEDx is going to be in the show which is quite impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the William, the William -- nothing was possible at some time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with the local recognition technology; I just came up with something, and I was scared with wonderful people to be able to make it happen . .
And these are the questions that I want to do every day when we find us with something that we sit with something that we sit on . If it's not now, when I'm not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years, and I've spent very difficult situations, and at the same time a little dangerous.
I went to jail -- difficult.
I worked in a coal of coal -- dangerous . .
It filmed in war areas -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been emerging in horrible situations with the only goal to try and examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, , and, with luck, analyzing them in a way that they look in and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I'll come here to do a TEDTalk on the world of brands and the paper, I wanted to do something a little different.
So, some can have heard, or no, a couple of weeks ago I took a bird in eBay.
I sent some messages in Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered at the rights of the name of my TEDTalk.
What he had was the next thing:``United States US: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it's about, and then it could explain it in the face, especially if I put it in the face, especially if I put it in the face, especially if I put it on the face.
But I said this, it's a's very good medicine opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you very.
It's a place in progress, by the way.
So even with that wild, I knew somebody was going to buy the rights rights.
If you had asked me a year ago I wouldn't have to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film where I'm working, we examine the world of the marketing, the advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've been scared in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare, nothing could anticipate, for something as difficult or as dangerous as to enter the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Superman: I want to do a: I want to do a, and it's a film that comes from products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded with, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call``The largest movie"ever sold . ''
What's going on in``The largest movie"is that everything on top on the bottom, in principle in the end, it has a brand images, all the time, from the absence that appears before the title, X . .
Now this brand, Muslim State, the Center Sentence ...
These people are going to be used to the film to perfect.
And so the film explored all this idea .:``Is what? (MK: It's relevant . (MK: It's relevant .?
I'm a redundant weight . (MK: I just say it . It was more for emphasis.
He was``an approach . ''
But we're not just going to have the doctor X in the title, but we're going to make sure that we're going to ensure all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sold a shoe, and it becomes the most cool shoes that you've used.
The most great car that you've been driving in``The largest movie"ever sold, the best thing that you've been drinking,``The largest film I've ever sold . ''
Dave Kuzz: The idea is so besides showing the brands as part of life, to get them to fund the film?? (MS: I'm going to get the film . MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the complete film is transparency . .
You're going to see all the process in this movie . .
That's the complete idea, all the film, in the beginning.
And I would love that EEG helps make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the maximum respect by the audience . .
Wow, though, I don't know how to be the people to that.
JK: You have a -- I don't know if``car"is very negative, but you know how it's going to repeat? (MS: No idea . David Cohen: How much money makes to do this?
MS: A million and a half .: All right -- John Kamen: I think it's going to be difficult the meeting with them, but without doubt is going to be able to connect a couple of big brands.
JK: Who knows, perhaps for the moment that we look at the film, let us look like a.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Rudge: Most answers will be``no . ''
MS: But it's hard to sell it, for the film or for me?
JK: Two things.
MS :...means you're not very optimistic.
So, they help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: Okay . (MK: Okay.
MK: We have to think about what brands . .
MS: Yeah .: That's the challenge) When you look at the people you have to try.
MK: We have some places where I go . (MS: Okay . .
MS: I thought,``The camera"means we have a conversation outside.
It appears the camera means``We don't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS: And so, one for one, all these suddenly disappeared companies.
Neither wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised . .
They didn't want to know anything with this project . .
And I was very impressed; I thought that the concept of advertising, it was to introduce the product to both people as possible, to make a lot of people I saw it as possible.
Especially in the world today, this intersection of new media and old media, and the stage of separate media, isn't the idea to tell the new vehicle of attention that's going to take the message to the masses?
No, that was what I thought . .
But the problem was, you know, that my idea had a partial mistake and that error was this.
Actually, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been OK.
But the problem was what this image represents.
Look at, when you look for teachers of transparency, in Google appears -- this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your knee, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free simulation or deception, and it's completely distributed or seen, easily understandable, which is completely understandable, which is association of information or information, especially in business practice -- being the last line maybe the biggest problem.
You see, we heard a in these days.
Our politicians name it, the name of the name, even the CEO name.
But suddenly when it comes to make it reality, something changes.
But why? Well, the team gives fear -- like that weird bear that still continues to fly.
It's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is risky?
You'll eat an entire bowl of Coke Whitney.
That's very risky . .
When I started talking to the companies and tell you that we wanted to count this story and they said,``No, we want to tell you the story.
We want to have a story, but it's a story of our story . ''
See, when I was a kid and my father caught me in some lie -- and there's he watching me as used to say,``Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story . ''
As you see, in this film, we wanted to count the real story.
But with just a company, an agent wants to help help me -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Kilistine in many years I realized that I would have to go my mind, I would have to take the interdependence and go to companies myself with my team.
So what I started to warn from suddenly -- that I started to realize is that when you start to think about companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big films, huge, giant movies, others who make small films, independent, like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood films, giant, they say that the reason that their films have so much success, it's due to the ancestors that they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say,``Well, how do we go to compete with these big, giant movies movies? ''
And the film is called``The largest movie"ever sold . ''
How are we going to look specifically in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my button, you'll see the flag Bank.
At any time during an interview with someone, I can say``Are you okay for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there is one of these fabulous ladies.
So,``Foundation Forest"as``Viets of the Standard"are going to have his opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man, like a woman -- solid, to fly, in bars, like it.
That's the general view.
Now I can tell your questions and give you a . .
Karen Frank: We're a.
Similar to the kind of smaller movies that they said, , we are more good a.
So we don't have the budget that have other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, remember band to people is the reason that we care about.
MS: What words words to describe Ben?
Bang is white . .
JF: That's a: That's a . .
Woman: The upper technology . .
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on your armpits . .
Man: We talk about something bold, fresh.
I think``jar"is a big word that actually puts this category in positive versus``combat the smell and sweat . ''
It keeps it cold . .
How do you keep me fresh more time? With better fresh, more fresh, three times more cold.
Things like those things that look at the benefits.
MS: And that's a multimedia company . .
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man in the street, to people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand??
Man: Hmm my brand?
I don't know . .
I like the good clothes . .
Woman: I'm going to take the '80s, Papining publisher, unless it's day to wash . .
MS: Okay, what is the Green brand?
George: Something unique . (MS: I I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glamour.
I like a lot of dark colors, many gray and things.
Usually, I have access to access as a gun of sun, or I like the crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a classic complex, and Merse Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand that I'm, I call it a case.
Woman 2: In part hippie, in part of a toy, in part of Boot Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets . .
selling toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my small sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is Feyrande because I entered the market.
Man 5: Marine school Maria.
Is that something?
lawyer: I am a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we're not all able to be brand Tom, but I often kind of kind of kind of kind of classified in the dark scale intersection, and it's a case.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, somebody who could help understand what they call the``participation personality . ''
And I found a company called Nelson Zalamaka in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nepal, Feynman, Hall to discover that personality personality.
If you could do it for them, you could actually do it for me.
antibiotics: Transmit the photos, right??
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture.
A: Tell you a little bit how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These guys are moving my way to see the world.
A: How much that world.
MS: Is that world? I think your world is the world in which you live -- like people who surrounded, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work that you do.
All of those things came up and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in Western Virginia.
A: What's the next thing you want to talk?
MS: The next is``This was the best day of my life . ''
A: How do it relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like I want to be me.
I like things different.
I like the weird things . I like the weird things.
A:``Why do you look at that? ''
What's the male? What is the male? What's a cup of the?
Why is it important to reconcile? What's the red?
It's a little bit about that.
You know, a little more than you are.
What other metaphors have had?
You have to have fear . What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Hey! A: No, thank you . .
A: Thank you for your patience . A: (MS: Thank you very much . (MS: Thank you very much.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to go out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Linda Balespen: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but computers, in your brand personality; the Mark Morard Space is a connected brand.
They're very well shown together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them . .
And I think some companies just focused on one of their strong dots or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend, and it's human nature to avoid the things that they're not secure; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a positive day to you, you get something positive for you, you get something positive to you, you see that . ''
What other brands are this?
The first here is the classic, Apple.
And you can see here to Target, White, Mike Cooper and Jeffer.
Now there are playful brands and conscious brands, those things that have gone and came, , a is is quite powerful.
MS: A linguistic brand . What's your brand?
If someone asked you to describe your identity of brand, your personality personality, would be?? ''
Are you an amazing attribute? Are you someone who makes blood flow?
Or are you much more an attribute?
It's a little more calm, reserved, conservative?
The attributes are like being playful to be fresh like the projection, contemporary, adventure, otherness or bold, or audience, the from European Florida, fast or agile, profound, magic, magic or mystic.
Or are you more about an attribute?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 2007?
Are you stable, traditional, production, protection? Do you identify with Oprah?
Are you trustworthy, stable, family, trust, safe, safe, content, like the Dalai Lama or YouTube?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, ancestors and descendants, they said``no ,"they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have this movie, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allow us to tell us the story of neuroscience, and we get to tell the story in this movie of how we now use the magnetic resonance to identify the centers of the desire in the brain, so much for commercial marketing as for cinema . .
We went to San Paulo where they have banned the advertising to free air.
In the entire city over the last five years there's no valleys, there are no posters, there's no flying, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing in schools with leadership problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is me is that the projects in which I've had the biggest answer, or that I've had more successful, that I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the interdependence, they took their agencies, they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind . .
I'm going to try directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to do to think about people, who will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how do you have? You had success?
Well, since the movie is stressed in the West Festival, let's take a look.
According to Buries the movie, and since then -- and then, and then -- this is not all we have 900 million impressions in the media for this film . .
This covers just a period of two weeks.
That's just online -- no press, TV . .
The movie was still distributed.
It's still not online . It's not in the ground.
It's not even presented in other countries still.
Ultimately, this film has already started to win momentum.
And it's not bad, because almost all the agencies that we talked to their clients will not be part.
I've always believed that if you're risky, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think that when you take people on that, you're pushing it to failure.
I think that when you train your employees in the aversion of the risk is preparing your entire company to take rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to move is that we have to encourage people to fix.
We have to encourage people to don't have fear of opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, I think, I think we have to give it to the fear.
We have to put that bear in a . .
We add the fear . Let's open the risk.
From a guitar, we have to embrace the risk.
And in definition, we have to hold the transparency.
Now more than a little bit of honesty is going to get a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk,``We opened the Transparency ,"has been introduced by my good FMW friends who for $1,200 bought the rights of the name in eBay.
EC: It will build big data in large opportunities for companies around the world . .
EMI present``We opened the transparency . ''
Thank you very much . .
June Cohen: So, Mozart, in the name of transparency, that happened exactly with those $?
MS: It's an excellent question.
In my pocket, I have a little bit of the name of the TED matrix organization, the Salama Foundation, a team for $1,500 to be applied to my TED assistant last year.
The idea behind the computer computer subject is really very simple . .
We don't want Iran to get nuclear bomb.
His biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the United States of United States . .
The gray boxes you see are control systems in real time.
If we can buy these systems that control speed and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
gray boxes don't use Windows of Windows; they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus of Windows in a laptop computer used by an engineer to make this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Sydney.
We started with a Windows installation.
The eye comes to the gray box, it gives the centrifuge, and the nuclear nuclear program is remote; it mission . .
Is it easy ,?
I want to tell you how we discover this . .
When we started researching about Steve, six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that was known is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part of Windows: the installation used multiple dark vulnerability.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Sydney and we saw what happened to this.
So they spent very strange things.
Steve was made as a lab of lab that I didn't like our cheese: I wave it, , I didn't want to eat . .
I had no sense for me.
And then I would experience with different destructions of cheese, I realized, and I thought,``This is a direct attack.
It's completely headed . ''
The island is looking for in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that is trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
If no, Steve does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It could be, say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better we discover the goal soon.
And so we extract and we took the attack code, and we found that I was structured in two digital bombs: a, a . .
We also saw that they were armed very professional by people who obviously had the entire information.
You know all the dots that you take.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Institute of Sydney is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very above all we have seen before . .
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about 15 thousand lines of code.
It looks like the old assembly language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code.
What we're looking at at the beginning were called the functions of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we looked at temperatures and data structures and try to relate them with the real world, with goals of the real world.
We need theories about dynamics that we can try or enjoy.
To get theories on goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent wisdom, it should be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because it's where most infections has been represented.
You don't find several thousands of goals in that area.
You basically reduce the nuclear energy plant from Bush and to the back of Natasha.
So I said to my assistant,``It brings a list of all the experts in contractions and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them, and I put it into a effort to pursue their experience with what we find in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital eye with the control control.
The rotation is that mobile part within the centrifuge, that black object you see . .
If you drive the speed of this rotation, , you certainly can put it and even make the centrifuge.
So what we also saw is that the goal of attack was to do slow and describe in an obvious effort for getting mad to the food engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital digital eye looking at the data and their structures.
So, for instance, the 1620 is going on in that code, you can't be able to be obvious.
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these centrifuge are built in Natasha and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall, and every waterfall contains 164 degrees.
That had felt, there was a coincidence.
And it gets better even.
These configurations in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stage.
And guess what we found in the attack code?
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So there's no misunderstanding: it wasn't.
The results have been given after several weeks of hard work.
We routinely ended up in calculations without salt, and we had to start to start.
Even so, we discovered that both digital girls put to one and a single goal, but from different angles.
The small guy is taking a, and making the rotate and relationship, , and the big gender is communicating with six beds and manipulating valves . .
In the sum, we're very trusted that we've determined what the diabetes is . .
It's Natasha, it's just Natasha.
We shouldn't worry that other goals are stored by Sydney . .
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centrifuge.
What this thing is doing is to interpret the values of the sensors of the sensors, from the pressure sensors and the vibration sensors and the vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still executed during the attack, with false data.
And, believe or not, these false entry data are registered by Sydney . .
It's like Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security chamber is presented video.
Is it cool?
The idea here is obviously not just looking at the operators in the fourth control.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to fix a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast . .
For instance, in a energy plant, when the big steam turbine is going on, it's going to open speed valve in a millisecond.
Obviously, this can't make a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when you're committed, , then you can spend bad things.
The plant can explain.
And the operator or the security system will notice.
That scares.
But it can be worse . .
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think of this . This attack is generic . .
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centrifuge, university . .
It could work also, for instance, in an energy plant, or a car factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- and you don't have this charge with a USB key, as we see in the case of Sydney . .
You could also use conventional technology to discriminate.
Tell him the most possible thing.
And if you do that, what you end is a massive destruction of massive destruction.
That's the consequence that we should face.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in Middle East . .
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with great numbers of goals.
We must face the consequences, and better that we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph, has made public in many sides that people assume that the Mozart is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Lang: Hey, really want to hear this?
Yeah . OK.
My view is the Mozart is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superpower.
There is one one, the United States, fortunately, fortunately . .
Because in another way, our problems would be even bigger.
CA: Thank you for encouraging . Thank you, Ralph . . .
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take, and you can take a little bit, and I give you a little bit of a human skills, or another that makes users of wheelchair are lifted and back to walk.
In``Berkeley Children"call these robots, exoskeletons . .
They're not different from something that's put in the morning, gives you a, a, which also increases your speed, and helps it, for instance, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine . .
But it's not just that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other things.
This is not an irrational idea.
To show you now, what we're working on, we started to talk about the American soldier that, in average, has to take on their quest a of 45 pounds, and it's required to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries in the backs , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you the UCLA -- you let me introduce the UCLA.
Soldier: With the UCLA scan, I can put 90 pounds per variable land for many hours.
His flexible design, allows you to be able to be able to be able to go on and exercise movement with great agility.
You know what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I get my strength and my resistance.
Style Anderson: We are ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
It's a reality.
Let's go back to the look at the wheelchair of wheelchair, about what I feel particularly passionate.
There are 68 million people, , in the wheelchair, all around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that's going on with frequency, very young people, with damage in the vertical column that when they start to start their life -- at 20 , 30 or 40, and 40 years ago -- car against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option.
We also talk about the population that prevents it rapidly.
His only option, many times -- for a or some other complications -- it's the wheelchair . .
And this has been this over the last 500 years, from their successful appearance, as I have to recognize.
So we decided to start to write a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you the ELAM that's using Amazon Boston who 19 years ago had a lesion in the backbone, and as a result couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Budget: Thank you . .
EB: Amanda is using our EEG, I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer in board, and here in the deck.
There are also a few batteries that give energy to the motors in the roads, in the knees, , and they're making it move with this smooth and very natural.
AB: I was 24 years at the top of my life when, , a in the air, looking at the bottom.
In a second fraction, I lost all of the feeling, and all the movement of the pelvis down.
Shortly, a doctor came to my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, I'll never walk . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
I was stolen to the last piece of hope of my self.
The adaptation technology since then, has allowed me to learn how to look at it on the corner, scale rocks and even singing in a hand bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not just soldiers, but to Amanda, and all the users of wheelchair, all.
AB: Thank you . .
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battle, present sex to say hello, and the game is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And not, it's not the festival of the American Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bottles of Congo forests.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, living about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their aggression . .
But unfortunately, we've done too much hidden in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution . .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin . .
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big types, terrifying, society is the book of female females.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where the deadly violence hasn't been observed.
But unfortunately, the bonobos is the least understood of great apes.
They live in the depths of the frozen forest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the technical same -- stage of a violent conflict that has been involved for decades and caused almost so much deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The pig meat trade and deforestation make it not to be filled, and a stadium with the bonobos that are in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure that.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter by using the trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them as the apes, the love, no war, because they have frequent sex, protein and bisexual to handle conflict and solving social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity since the life of the bonobos is more than the Jamaica.
The bonobos, like humans, you love to play the entire life.
Play is not just a.
For us, and for them, the game is fundamental to establish link and foster the tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
The game increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, diversity of behaviors, diversity of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you look at the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos in the wild.
First, it's a beautiful style game, and I don't talk about soccer . .
Here we have a female and a young male in a perspective.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase:``He's going to get it out of the balls . ''
I just think that in this case to him, right?
Yeah . .
So the sexual game is common as much as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play, the technologies and also how the game requires trust and eating trust -- and at the same time is the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can embrace many ways, some of which are more quiet, imagination, curious -- maybe the place where the wonder was.
And I want you to look at -- this is Fush, a young female, which is playing with the water.
I think, as she, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside . .
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form is the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of the understanding that Bonobos gives us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a in which we have to adapt to a more difficult world with more creativity and bigger cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our comfort.
To adapt with success to a world that changes we have to play.
But do we leverage the maximum our game capacity?
The game is not frivolous . .
The game is essential . .
For bottles and humans alike, life is not just cruel and waste.
When it looks like the least appropriate thing to play, you can be the moments that are the most urgent.
And so, primates companies, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible to a of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not changing poverty, the fires of charge as a captain of captain in a volunteering body.
And in our city, where the volunteers can join a highly qualified person you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire . .
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a career on the other volunteers to get the captain to charge and figure out what our task was.
When I came to the captain, I was trained in a conversation with the proportion that without a doubt of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, she was standing outside on the rain, under a stage, in pajamas, dead, as his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I've just arrived before I was, called Lewis Luther came first to the captain and he asked him to go and save the dog of the house.
The dog! I was so quiet . ''
And there was a lawyer or money management that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell the people who entered a building in flames to save a living, just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next thing.
The captain made me an athlete.
He said, said,``Bezos, I need to go into the house.
I need to go up, and I got the fire, and I brought it to this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I knew the stairs, at the end of the hallway, I went to the real bombs, which, at that height, or less had finished to get the fire and went to the fourth main in looking at a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my payload back by the staircase where I met my Majesty and the very precious dog on the main door.
Let's take out of the house, the teachers for the door of home where, as I was waiting, ,, and it got a lot more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter of the door of home, we organized by the brave effort to save their house.
The kindness that she looked at the other one was that someone had reached it even a couple of shoes.
So, in my voice in Robin Hood as my voice as a volunteer, I'm witness of acts of generosity and kindness in a monumental scale, but also the acts of grace and courage to individual level.
And you know what I learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved, or they're going to be able to achieve, remarkable levels of success I would like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in someone's life.
If you have something to give, it now.
They serve food in a dining, clean a park of the neighborhood.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone, but each day we're going to influence the life of someone . .
So they enter the game; they save shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, came back . .
Mark Bezos: Thank you . .
This can seem strange, , but I'm a great thank the chocolate block . .
The first concrete blocks were made in 1968 with a very simple idea: celebrations of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build larger things that we, buildings or bridges, a.
Basically, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1974, to LIGO, it happened this.
It was called a heart of ATMs.
And in a few years, the LED bonds came to every households.
It's estimated that they have made over 400 billion or 75 pounds for each person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
EEG made it accessible . .
LGO just adopted the concrete block, the favor in the world, became a of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to join me: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of a broad static world in other people to a world where it was interactive.
As the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much larger circuits and more complex, a brick at the time.
But there's a main difference: The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
eight years ago, when I was in the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing statistics.
I'm going to show you how they work . .
plastics are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best of all is that it's made by magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the salt, the blue is the currents, the pink is the entrance, and the orange color is the alarm.
So you just have to assemble a blue with you, and very quickly, you can start doing larger circuits.
A blue with your green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulators.
If we change the button by a pulse module, which is here, here, and now we have an endless light.
We added this term to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, liberals are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connecting and soldiers, are literally allowed us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it further, or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse more fast or slower.
The idea behind libraries is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world, they're going to be able to be able to use.
lights, sound, solar panels, motors; everything must be accessible.
We've given children to see them playing with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a light works in night, or why the door of a elevator gets open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also taken statistics to design schools.
So, for instance, designers without experience, they start playing with libraries as a material . .
Here you can see, with paper bottles and fresh, we have George creating.
( metal noises) A -- a few weeks ago to the designers of the Design School School School, who don't have an experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper and said, , said,``Make something . ''
Here's an example of a project that have done, a accepted by movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a plant made of plastic that has fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, liberals became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material is all the way.
So, liberals has open code.
You can visit the website, download all the data files and fabricate them.
We want to get a world of creators, inventor and collaborators because this world where we live, this interactive world, is our.
So go ahead and invent . .
Thank you.
I'm going to talk today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait a moment.
You can get a to charge.
We can -- we can actually continue to leave the video to one side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
The solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm going to have the time??
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that's supposed to stop; we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called America for America, and they would be like a bunch of Peace Peace.
We select some members every year and we put them to work with the machines.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we sent them to the global world saved . .
They did great applications; they worked with the musical employees.
His task is showing the possibilities of the technology.
They know the.
That's a human city of Boston.
Here it appears as if you look at a quote, but what you really look for is is that somebody's cleaned when it's left by the snow, because it knows that it's not very good by taking fires when it's covered for a . . . ''
How do I ask help in this way so nice?
Last year in Boston had an American members in America.
They were there in February, and at that time I was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these strands.
But one of the members called Eric Michaespons noticed something else: citizens cleaned with sticks in front of them.
So it did like any good programmer, a application . .
It's a cute application where you can embrace a hydrophone.
You accept to clean it when you're snow . .
When you do it, you put a name, in this case I put it up.
If you don't do it, someone can steal.
You have a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the tiniest of 21 programmers last year.
But it does something that no other technology of the government does.
And it's expanding in viral form.
A responsible of the city's city in Honolulu when you see this application realized that it could use it, not for snow, not for the snow, but for citizens, the citizens in tsunami.
It's very important to work with these tools of tsunami, but people are stealing the batteries.
So I asked citizens that control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens on the depth of the shoes.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when it snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan can use.
And this has been done without failures, in the organic, natural, . .
If you know a little bit of government technology, you know that this doesn't normally happen.
The software acquisition takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston had a team working on a project that took three people for two months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us to have done that by the normal channels would have taken at least two years, and two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the South California power of California that even the moment has spent 2,000 million dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this at every government level.
So an application that's program in a couple of days, and it's spread in the viral way, it is a kind of transplant of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the government better ways of working, not like private companies, as a lot of people think that should be.
Nor as a technological company, but more like the Internet.
I mean, without restrictions, accurate.
And that's important . .
But the most important thing about this application is this is that it represents the way to tackle the issue of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an online institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a of people who are building the tools to work together with efficiency.
And it's not only Code for America, but there are hundreds of people all over the country that contribute with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to the government . .
They feel a big frustration to that, but they don't complain, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from sight . .
And it is that if we leave the feeling about politics, the film in the DVD, And all those other things that put us crazy, government is, in the words of Tim Reverterney,``What we do together because we cannot . ''
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I'll ask you to remember, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; the government itself.
And because the government in last instant is -- remember that,``We, the town ,"and the way to think it affect it to affect the way to produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is to choose people to pick people in order.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially, a matter of sharks.
This is the center of the phone and information.
It's the place that's going on calls if you take 31 in America.
Scott fits this call.
\" Zarach"in the base of official knowledge.
I didn't find anything . It started with animal control.
And finally he said,``Hey, you can open the doors of the house, put it very strong music and see if you go? ''
And it worked . So I'm going to work by Scott . .
But that wasn't the end of the cards . .
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an application, web and mobile, called Congress Center.
We didn't show that application . .
It was the work of very clever people from the New World School Office . .
One day, this happened really, he got this asked:``Zarawa in my trash, I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to take it? ''
The Dinosaur Center dynamics is different.
Scott was talking about person.
In Congestion Center, everything is public, so you can see this.
In this case, I saw a neighbor.
The next report said, said,``I'm going to go to the place, I found the base of garbage behind the house.
Barbara?: Yeah . Yeah.
I went back the cube . I went home.
Good nights, heart died . ''
Pretty simple.
This is great . It's the conflict of digital and physical . .
And it's also a great example of the government income to the distributed volunteer collaboration.
But it's also a big example of government as platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology technology.
I talk about a platform for people to help and help others.
So, a citizen helped another, but here the government had a key paper.
I connected to two people.
And I could have connected with the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is the best alternative and cheaper services.
When a neighbor helps each other, we'll get the communities.
If we call animals control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it's not the same thing that politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think you're the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times they have chosen a political leader? We sometimes spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that the government reflects our values and satisfaction, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an impending ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches.
This is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of waste.
But it's that desert, which keeps us that that we funded as something that works in our against, the other thing, and we're losing the power.
People think politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work to have to make the bureaucracy.
Because it's where the real government works . .
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That does the Wistorical movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report from 32 pages in response to the text of the Second, Forest on the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activity.
And so we've been involved to government, it's time that we ask what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we'll get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in name of all?
We can't think of government, we need it to be more effective . .
The good news is that with technology is possible to replicate the work of government, so it can expand the civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so difficult to act that, just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The age of the age of our members is 28 years, so I'm a bigger generation that many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and doing that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk; they're going to talk.
You can express your opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when they face the government problem, they don't care a lot to make their voices.
They're using hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make better to the government.
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hyper, taking weeds, making a charge of garbage that has a gentleman inside . .
Since then, we could always have clean those strands and many people.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we're not only consumers, we aren't just consumers of government that we pay taxes and we get services.
We're more than that: we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the citizenship.
So I want to ask all of the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will be a crowd of voices, or also we will be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor . .
I've spent most of the time in prisons, prisons and the death of death.
I've spent most of my life in marketing communities, in projects and places where there is a . .
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these items, I've given a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that you say here are impact around the world.
In times, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that wouldn't have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a professor can have a lot of sense, but if you teach with feeling, you can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, , but if it's cartoons, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't actually learn this in the practice of the right, my work . .
I learned it from my grandmother . .
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a, that was my grandmother.
It was hard, was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She was starting many of the decisions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia in the 1800s . .
She was born about 1880 and his experience with slavery, the way I saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also loving.
When I was small and he looked at it, she approached me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I jumped up . .
One or two hours later, I went back to look at it, and she came up and said,``Brian, still feel my hug? ''
And if I said I didn't, I'm going to go back again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that makes you always wish to be near it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the least of the 10 . .
In times, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture your time and your attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight nine years old, I woke up a morning, I went to the room, and they were running all my cousins . .
My grandmother was the other side of the room and looked at me.
At the beginning I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it, and she goes, , but she was very serious . .
After 15 minutes, she was lifted, pulled up the room, and he said,``You see Brian . We're saying,``You see Brian . We're going to think . ''
I remember this as if you go yesterday.
I'll never forget it . .
He took me outside and said,``Brian, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody . ''
I said,``It's OK . . ''
She said,``Now I'm going to show you to do it ."I said,``Sure . ''
Then I sat, and he said,``I want you to know I've been watching . ''
And he added,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do what you want . ''
I'll never forget it . .
Then he said,``I just want to give me three things, Brian . ''
I said,``insurance, Mom . . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want to do is you always want your mother . ''
Nobody said,``She's my daughter, and you have to allow you to take care of . ''
As I approached my mom, I said,``Yes, Mom, I'll do it . ''
Then he said,``The second thing I want to do is you will always do the right, even though it's hard to be the hard . ''
I thought it, and I said,``Yes, Mom . I'm going to do it . ''
Then finally said,``The third thing I want to do is you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yes, Mom, so I do . ''
I grew up in the field, in the rural south . I have a brother a year old and a sister a year old.
When I was 14, one day my brother came home with a six beers, I I don't know where I came up with it, and I grabbed my sister and me and we went to the forest.
We're just doing the crazy lights.
He took a, he offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . It's OK . You go, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come . Today I do it ."And you always do the same thing that we . .
I already took something, your sister too . Take a . ''
I said,``No . I don't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said,``What happens? Take a beer . ''
I got a look at it with force, and he goes,``Oh, not to be you're still thinking about the conversation with Mom . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mom tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I got rid.
I have to add something to you.
I'll tell you something I should probably say.
I know that this is going to be widely spreading.
But I have 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a alcohol drop.
I don't say this thinking that it's a virtue; I say it for the power that has identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others that they don't see sense.
We can't get it to do things that don't think we could do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been put during the ban . .
My uncles died of age-related diseases with alcohol . .
And these were the things that, according to them, we had to engage.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1976, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the highest rate of incarceration in the world.
We have seven million people in traditional freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world . .
In poor communities or black communities, it's so much desperation, so much desperation, by these facts.
One of the three black blocks between 18 and 30 years is the prison or a traditional freedom.
In urban communities in the entire country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, from 50 to 60 percent of all the young people in color are in jail or connected freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in the race, also what's about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that's a lot better if you're rich and guilty, that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilty, it's wealth.
And it seems to be very quiet.
The politics of fear and the future makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting . .
We're looking at our work some funny development.
In my state, in Alabama, as in other states, you're going to look at the rights, you're going to look at the rights for you.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has lost specifically the right to the vote.
And if we put it back to the next 10 years, the level of loss loss will be as elevated as it was before it was before they would get the law of the right.
We have this awesome silence.
I represent children.
Many of my clients are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where the kids of 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, not possible to go out.
Now we're in a process of some litigation.
The only country in the world . .
It represents to people in the death ridge.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a certain sense, you have taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die by the Chinese crime?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it: it's not trying to decide if people deserve to die by the crime crimes, but if, if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people executed, it has identified one that's innocent that is extended and freedom of death.
A root rate, amazing, an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation, it's not going to allow you every nine, you would go out, you would be a star.
But in some ways we're isolated from the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this matter of if we deserve killing.
It's interesting that in my classes with American history, I'm talking about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction, and it lasts to World War II.
We don't really know a lot of this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little defined by the terror.
In many communities, people had fear of being released . .
They worried to be bombed.
The land threat was what defines their lives.
Now there are bigger people who come up and say,``Mr. Stevens, you say,``Mr. Steven, you do, and you make speeches . Tell the people who stop saying that in our history, we have to say that in our history, we have to say that in our history . ''
They ask me to say,``No . I say we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism continues, obviously, with the separation and decades of racial radio and separation.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood what we historically have done.
All of the time we put each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs work to talk about race . I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial security without a commitment with the truth and the reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death penalty.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said,``You know that it's good worried to listen to what you say . ''
Nobody:``We don't have death.
We would never have to have it here . ''
The room stood in silence and a lady said,``There's no way that with our history, , we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, useless and deliberately, we're going to be able to execute people . ''
You think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a German, expectancy to people, especially if they were in their greatest Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger . .
If we actually don't care about these things as difficult, positive things, and wonderful things are, yet, impossible.
We love innovation.
It fascinated to technology . We worship creativity.
We love the entertainment.
But lately, those realities are embedded by suffering, abuse, degradation, marketing.
In my opinion, I need to integrate both things.
We finally talk about the need to have more hope, more commitment, more dedication with the basic challenges of the complex world.
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the destroyed, those who never get to TED.
Think about them is, in some ways, something that's within our self.
It's true we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so commitment with the intellectual.
With innovation, with creativity, development comes not only from brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also by the conventions of the heart.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not only in the brilliant and distributed, also in the dark and hard.
Valley Valley, the great Chinese leader, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in Eastern Europe suffering the oppression, we wish all kinds of things, ,, mostly what we needed was hope, the orientation for spirit, a willingness to be in despair sites and witness . ''
Well, that orientation for the spirit is basically in the heart of what I think, ,, even in communities like TED, should be committed.
There is no data related with technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't present attention to poverty, to excellence, to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn that these thoughts are a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find it out.
I had the great privilege, a very young lawyer, to meet Rosetta Park.
These women are meeting just to talk.
Occasionally, Mr. career called me, to say,``Brian, it comes the Park Park . We're going to meet to talk.
Do you want to come and listen? ''
I said,``Yeah . I want . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen . ''
So I went and just listened to them.
It was very clever, very illustration.
And in one time I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Park was headed to me and said,``Now, Brian, let me tell me that's that idea of equal justice.
What you're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my discourse.
I said,``Well, we're trying to questioning the injustice . .
We try to help those who have been convicted.
We try to confront the prejudice and discrimination in the administration of the criminal justice.
We're trying to end with the feeling of life, without parole freedom for children.
We try to do something about death penalty.
We try to reduce the population in jail.
We're trying to end up with massive incarceration . ''
I gave it all my best discourse, and when I finished me, and he said,``Hmm member . . ''
And he added,``Twitter", I'm very exhausted . ''
At that moment, Mrs. career, I put my finger on the face and said,``That's why you have to be very, very brave . ''
I think, actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find the way to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering . .
Because finally humanity depends on the compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work . .
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand, and I believe that each of us is higher to the worst we have made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a is not because it's a mentors.
I'm sure if anybody takes something that doesn't belong, it's not it's a heartbeat.
Even, if someone kills another, it's not it's a killer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by the law.
I also think that in many parts of this country, and certainly, in many parts of the world, the opposite to poverty is not the wealth.
This is not.
I actually think that in many parts, the poverty is justice is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very illusion, very stimulating, it will not judge us for our technology, for our designs, not by our intellectual ability or rational.
At the end, you judge the character of a society, not in the way you treat the rich, powerful and privileged, but in the form as the poor, the condoms, the prisoners . .
Because it's this context as we start to understand really profound themes about what we are.
In times I feel debran . I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I'm tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasons in a important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been sitting with a lot of light.
I'm going to prison and I see my clients in 13 and 14 years, who have been habitable for them as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone on what's not?
The judge would take it as adults, but I see a kid.
A very late night I was awake thinking -- by God, if the judge can become something that you're not, should have magic powers.
Yes, Brian, play has magic powers.
You should ask some of that . .
As it was very late, I couldn't think properly, I started working in a movement.
I had a 12, a small, poor, black.
I started working in the locomotion, with a scale that said, said,``Voice for my black client of 14 years is treated as a private white white white white white white white . ''
In the action, I put there had been behavioral behavior in the activity, in the behavior of the police and the process.
There was a line around how in this country there is no ethical, but a whole lack of ethics.
Did I woke up thinking that inspired emotion would be a dream, or actually I write it?
For my horror, I wasn't only reminded it, but he had sent it to the cutting . .
About two months, I had already forgotten it.
And I finally decided --``Oh God, I have to go to the cutting for this case stupid.
I went to the car, and I felt really goal, overwhelmed . .
I went on the car.
I thought this would be very difficult and very difficult.
I finally came out of the car . He walked on the judge . .
I was opening the stairs when I found a higher black man; it was the purpose of the judge.
When he saw me, she came up and said,``Who's you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He said,``Is you a lawyer?"I said yes.
So I got it up and hug me.
And I moved on the ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that was virtual.
That was deeply connected with my identity, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a hope of hope.
Well, went to the audience room.
When I walked, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevens, you wrote this happening? ''
I said,``Yes, I was me ."And we started to argue.
People started to get . They were all outraged.
I was the one who had written those crazy.
They arrived the police failures, the Australians.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all of us, because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye, I got to see the consensus that he went and came.
I looked at the window, and I reached all that scream.
I keep walking up here and there.
Finally, this old black, with a concern face, entered the room and sat behind me, almost on the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge said a recipe.
During the rest of the algorithm, it showed up because the council had entered the room.
The assistant gets launched on the old black.
And he said,``Jim, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black stood out of foot, I looked at the assistant, and he looked at me and said,``I went to this room room to tell this young man who keeps his view in the target with filming . ''
I've come to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it's going to justice.
We can't be truly human, if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is linked to the others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be able to look at the features, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of the present that share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with shape.
Thank you very much . .
Chris Anderson: You just hear and look at a wish of the audience, from this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that's not a crash . What can we do?
BG: There are several opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be an example of this spring where you're going to do a effort to reinvent the funds that are spending today in plastic policies.
For instance, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on the death penalty, in the next five years . billion dollars.
And despite this, the 47 percent of the cases of households don't connect in arrest . .
Fifty percent of relationships don't get anything.
Here's a change of change . .
This referendum is going to propose that these funds to make the law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in climate in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it says that it has to do with the highest rate of incarceration.
What would you say to you who think is this?
BF: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has been perfectly stable . .
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence . .
It's the war of war against drugs.
That's why it comes up with this dramatic increase in the heart population.
And we leave us to convince the punishment of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to take people to a perpetual chain, and to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property, instead of making those resources to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our own philosophy on the punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change . .
CA: Brilliant, have been excited today.
You're very inspiring . .
Thank you very much for having TED . Thank you . .
Audience: They grow the threats for the Bin Laden.
Voice 2: Man in Somalia . Voice 3: The police architecture.
Voice 4: the card cars . Voice 5: Mortality crosses.
Google six: social decoration . Second : 65 dead . .
Audience eight: Automa: Stanford nine: China . .
Several locations: War to the North destruction . Masside.
Remember . Band . Europe . Egypt . .
Chris . Death . Desert . .
Oh, God!
Peter Dawkins: So these are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they would probably be in the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the media press prefer to provide negative news because our minds are paying attention.
And that's a very good reason.
In every second day our senses get many more data than the brain can process.
And as nothing care of us to survive, the first part of all that data is an ancient frame of the temporal lobe called amygdala.
The amygdala is our early alarm detector, the danger detector.
I hate and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make harm.
So in a dozen stories, we prefer to look at the negative.
That old queen of the press,``If there is blood, selling ,"it's very true . ''
And since all digital devices are bringing negative news, the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day, it's not to extract that we're pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think that the world goes wrong in worse.
But maybe it's not like this.
Maybe, instead, what's really happening is that we get designers.
Maybe the huge progress was done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating in the way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems: climate change, the extinction of species, the shortage of water and energy; we certainly have them.
As humans, we are very good to look at the problems, and, in the long, we've gone with them.
Let's zoom at the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average of life has more than doubled, the average average per capita per capita has tripled around the world.
China mortality has been reduced 10 times.
Furthermore, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time of the history of humanity . .
Charles Kennedy that the world literacy happened from 25 percent over 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it . .
And we keep putting very high expectations.
In fact, we redefine the meaning of poverty . .
Think about it, today in the United States, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, mobile air and cars.
The magic magic faces of the past century, the experts of the planet, they would have never been scared with luxury . .
It's going to support a lot of this is technology and, lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that stops in technology of information jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, depth the price of price in about 12 to 24 months.
And so the mobile thing that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper, and a thousand times faster than a 1970s supercomputer.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore for the last hundred years.
I want to look at two things in this curve.
First, the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in the room, in the time, in depression, in depression.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenges.
And even though it's captured on the left, it's curved to the left.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, Moore's law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we do today.
The computing in the cloud, my friends from Antarctica called infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production throughout the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, the foods and food, the worms and food, the digital medicine and the A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory in Jeopardy of Watson, from IBM?
It was epic.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline.
And I love this:``Watson comes to humans . ''
Jeopardy is not a easy game.
It plays with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for all of the mobile . .
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and me, launched a University called Singability University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And each year we asked them to send a company, or a product or service, , that can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think of that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
30 years ago that would have been absurd.
We can feel a dozen companies that have already done.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create luxury life for every single planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's try to take that, which is scarce and getting it plentiful.
You see, scarcity is context and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a history of Napoleon Institute of the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited to dinner the king of shadow.
Napoleon troops eat with silver covered, and the same Napoleon, with gold covered.
But the Jim king, ate with aluminum covered.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's worth the gold and the platform.
So the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum.
You see, even though the aluminum is 3,000 percent of the mass of the Earth, it doesn't come up with pure metal.
It's followed by oxygen and silicon.
But then the electronics came out and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as a nasty.
We show this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are on a, for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth of 16 minutes of energy every 58 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, it's about accessible.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the development of desert : 880,000 rupees 12 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year . .
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the United States of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents in the time compared with the 15 cents in the national medicine.
And if we have energy, we also have water abundance.
Let's talk about war wars.
Do you remember when Carl Sagan put the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn happened?
I took a famous picture . How did it call??
\" A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet.
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent by water.
Yes , 75 percent is saltwater water, two percent is ice, and we look at the 50 percent of the planet, but also here is a hope.
It's a technology available in 10 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the narratives.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovative innovators -- I'd like to share with you, I'd like to share with you, and it gave me permission to do it -- your technology called Shanghai, because you know it is the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand gallons of drinking water to the day of any source, saltwater water, a for less than two cents the gallon.
The Contraction of Coca-Cola is just going to be able to make a important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes right, and I have a confidence that's going to be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 2016 in 2006.
This is an innovation possible by this technology that today exists.
And we've seen it on mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile of the mobile in the developing world for the end of 2013 . .
Think of it, that mass is has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reades 25 years ago.
And, to count with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago.
I live in a of information and communications that no one could have predicted ever.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands GPS dollars, video, ideas, images, the libraries of books and music, the medical diagnostic technology now destroyed and lost value value with mobile.
Maybe the best comes when the applications of the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Music Foundation, something called the Professor X Trick Music , 10 million dollars . .
We are challenging the world's teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and since it has A.I, you can take it, you can extract blood blood.
To win it has to make better diagnostics that a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there is no doctors, where the mortality charge is 25 percent of the health workers.
When this device sequence a RNA virus, or DNA that I don't recognize, calling the health of health and, in first place, avoid the pandemic.
But this is most force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion dollars.
The white lines here are the population.
We had just going on the top of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will spend two billion to five billion users in the Internet.
Three billion minds never before you add the global conversation.
What would these people want?
What do you consume? What are you going to have??
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions dollars in the global economy.
And they're going to be more health thanks to Trick, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing printing and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you give us three million members of humanity, education and productive?
What about a few voices ever before?
What if we give them the oppressed, where you are, a and you can act for the first time?
What will these 3,000 million?
And if you're contributions that we ca not predict??
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, liked for their passion with a, , can do extraordinary things -- things that could only do the great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excited me.
There's a program that maybe you know.
It's called Florida . .
I emerged in the University of Washington, in Seattle . .
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino and figure out the way the protein is to fold.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's really important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with these college professors, other.
Then hundreds of thousands of people came up and started playing it.
And it's shown that today the recognition of human patterns of human patterns is better playing protein than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power as people to assume the big challenges of the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the color in the pocket.
We have the telephone capital.
And we have 300 million new minds that are going to join us to work in the solution of the big challenges and doing what we should do . .
We have for a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The correction of the point of part.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes . .
He was here, as you know, in 1985 . .
You might think that you can look at a little bit, but it wasn't.
I actually pick fish . .
And I described one of them as``common . . ''
It was the fear.
I looked at a lot to the 1980s.
Now the fish is at the Red Line of UCLA . .
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still come to Galapagos.
We still think that they're prostitutes.
The brochures still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept: the shift of the waist . .
Because I was there in 1968 studying a lake in Western Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa . .
I thought I could integrate.
I got a lot with the sun, and I was convinced that I wasn't there . .
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lake was surrounded in palm, and, as you can see, of a . .
There were thylacines of about 20 inches, the black beard clicking.
And the fishing of this military was very abundant, and it was a, , so it became more than the average in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had declined half.
It's made five inches.
They experienced a genetic pressure . .
There were still fish . .
In a way, they were still happy.
And fish were still happy to be there.
Either, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of the drag fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the U.N. Europe made lots of development projects.
The fish development used to implement the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen, to implement the industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly, called the Muslim 4.
I went out in it, and we did studies in the south of the Harvard China Sea and, especially in the Sea Sea.
What we captured was something remarkable.
We captured, right now, the bottom of the sea.
90 percent of what we captured were sponges, other animals that are in the background.
And most fish are a tiny male on some rest of the rest, the rest that are fish of coral reef . .
In short, the sea of the sea came to the deck, and then it was arrested . .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a, and then you start the commercial fishing.
The bottom's going to be a solid body of soft coral, in this case, to be a . .
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . They were killed because they were dead.
We once captured a living.
I was still not drowned.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain mountain is what the fishermen picked up every time you go to a zone where you've never fished . .
But it's not documented . .
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
Let's adjust the point of part, at new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generate this something like this.
In the axis, we have good things: biodiversity, amounts of rocks, the summer of the country, water supply.
And that changes with time . changes because people do things with nature . .
Every generation used to use the images that are going to the beginning of their conscious life as normal and starting it forward.
The difference is that they perceive the loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before . .
You can analyze the kind of changes.
And at the end, I'm going to keep a little bit.
And that, in a big measure, we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer, or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predators kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because obviously an animal that's very plentiful, before extinct, it's very often.
You don't lose plentiful animals.
You lose animals a little bit.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focused on the big animals, and in a very big, big fish.
They become a little bit of funny because we fishing them.
Over time, there are a few fish, but we think that's the point of part.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, questioning that was very different.
And they're going to do it because the evidence present in a previous way is not the way they would expect to have evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some present, like that, and I looked at a lot of fish in this area can't be used or, usually don't use the scientists of fishing, because it's not``scientist . ''
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in wrong societies, because they don't rely in the sources of the past.
So the huge role that can be able to take a protected marine zone.
Because with the marine areas, we really look at the past . .
Let's look at the past that people can't conceive because the point of part has run, and it's really low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine zone and they can benefit from the vision that provides, which allows you to erase your point.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle Middle people, for example?
I think there's art and cinema may be able to fill the vacuum . The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Bay Bay . .
A lot of time ago there were gray whales in the Charlot Bay , 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that mammals and tons are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think why people moved with the movie, if I talk about the stories of Palestinians why to get to images?
Because it makes something that, in some sense, has lost.
So my reward, the only thing to give, it's Cameron, to do``Avatar II"under water.
Thank you very much . .
Hi . I'm Kevin Allen, the YouTube trends, YouTube . and I look at YouTube.
It's true.
So today we'll see why videos are made, and what importance has.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singer, computers -- when I were younger, that seemed something very, very difficult.
But today, the web makes any of us, or our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anyone can be made in the Internet in a sanctity.
It's over 48 hours of video to YouTube for minute.
And, of those, just a small percentage, it gets viral, and it gets infinite from visit and cultural movement . .
How does that happen??
Three things: trends of trends, participation communities and surprise factor.
Well, let's start . .
Pearl Value: Oh, God, God.
God.
Wow!
Ooh, .!
KA: Last year, Jean Magazine published this film out of her in the National Park Park Park.
In 2010, it was 13 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popular summer of the past summer.
Pearl doesn't have a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you call Most Meromad Mountains Bear.
I had been published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jim Kimmel . .
Jim Jim published this tweet that captures the video to popularity.
trends of trends like Jim Jim are present new and interesting things, and they take them to a lighter audience.
Rebecca Blake: It're Friday, Friday . You have to start the Friday . and you all want to get the weekend, the weekends of week . Virgin, Friday . start the Friday .: you don't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video, hope . .
\" Friday"is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the use of use.
Just like``Art gras double ,"this video seemed to have come from nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true . .
And if you ask those other peaks, you're also Friday . .
But what happened this day, , this particular Friday?
Well, the Tasking took, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael John Nelson: Mission School Theater, was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter.
But what's important is that a person or a of trends embrace a, and they share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this big internal joke then starts to talk about that and doing things.
And now there's 10 thousand speakers in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a paradox for each other days.
Unlike the dominant entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon, and doing something new with that . .
\" Man Cat"is a representative animation with a.
That's, that's all.
This year you saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know that there's a version of three hours has seen four million times.
Until cats, they saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But what's important here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet Internet community.
There was remix.
Somebody made an ancient version.
And then it became international . .
Suddenly, it came up with a whole common community that made this going to be a rocket joke to something that we all can form part.
Because we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted``Art noises"or``Balloon Cat"?
What could you have written that contemplating this situation?
In a world where two days of video, a minute, just that really unique and unexpected can be destroyed in the way that these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protests against the clips in New York City, admit that I didn't care too much.
Casey News: They moved to me for not circular by the bicycle, but often there are obstacles that prevents you directly by the bicycle.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey News, it made five million people to see and understand your idea.
So this approach is worth all the new that we do in creative form.
And all this leads to a big question.
Pearl Vascaster: What does this mean??
Ooh . .
KA: What does this mean??
The trend creators, the creative communities of participation, which is totally unexpected, are characteristics of a new kind of media, from a new culture, that we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justine Bionish, started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
We are now a little bit of our body culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they're barely the media of the media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still getting around.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the work of a . .
It's a, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country.
Imagine it as the communications comes in Santa, facing the fact that his life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so much friendly, now they're looking at it.
It became silence.
He died by the story . .
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was I'm not going to leave that, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to apply, but we put it out.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when we're going to be able to be able to get rid of the sea.
My mother, Haiti, I was just 18 years old when her father died, and a concrete marriage and two girls.
For her, life had gone up to a task, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was incredible for her I couldn't get it.
And then from a four years that defies the fiction, a boat goes down to the deal of the fishing sea.
All adults knew the risks.
The highest fear was the pirate, rape and death.
As most adults, my mother had a picture of poison.
If they were captured, I first would take my sister and me, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the survey is going on in every wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the paintings that came up several times, but they were fooled with the value of men in our ship, or the engine dying and could not arrest for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, ending the journey was too much for him, and the first apple that I tried, because of the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee field, we let's go back in Melbourne . .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women at the long of three generations making a new life together.
We set out in Pakistan, a class of class to work whose population is about immigrants.
In the difference of the middle class suburbs, whose I experienced, in Stanford, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world . .
And the fragments of English English were trained between people who had a common thing: they were beginning again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car of cars, working six days, double tuna.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title at TED.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned, and established an extra tower in English and mathematics, wouldn't matter what it was supposed to take, which is usually a new clothes; it was always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the wires, because I had to run six years.
And there were weird sing and painful on the``risky eyes"and some graffiti:``Asian, , go back home . ''
At home, where?
Something in me is wrong.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to take them . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept on the same bed . .
My mother was exhausted every night, , but we told us about our day and we heard the motions of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffers pathologies, all of the ship.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmare began to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then I studied to be a rocket and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition, angry and influences, and kids were trapped between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and sponsors.
They created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, which was implanted with what he demands from myself.
In the other, I was threatened in prison lives, tragic states for violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many of them got help through the years.
And by that work, when I studied my last year of goal, they chose the young Australian year.
And I went out of a piece of the puzzle to the other, but their edges didn't fit . .
And so, I was at Stanford anonymous, it was now so much, and it was a social activist, invited to speak in sites that I never heard, , and in houses whose existence she never had imagined.
I didn't know protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covered . .
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything . .
I wanted to go to the routine and the confidence of life in a well-known suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did it for almost 20 years, telling the day of every one and getting asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mother I couldn't do it.
I was reminded that I had now the same age that she had when she was the boat.
The``no"had been an option.
\" Make it ,"he said,``And you don't be what you don't . ''
So I talked about youth and education, and the disease to the marginalized and the destroyed.
And the more frankly talked, more was used to speak.
I met people from all the paths of life, many of them doing what they loved, living in the border of possible.
And even though I finished my license, I realized I couldn't stay in a paradigm career.
It had to be another piece of the puzzle . .
And I realized at the same time that's good to be a unknown, a, again on the scene -- and not just it's good, but it's something that's being grateful, maybe a's gift.
Because it can be inside can easily mean to collapse the horizon, it can easily mean to accept the predictions of your privacy.
I gave the enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world goes down, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that wouldn't have been allowed to be allowed you were quiet.
There was an energy there, an relentless optimism, a bizarre mix of humility and brave.
So I kept my intuition.
I went to a small group of people to who the motto``can't do"was a irrelevant challenge.
For a year we didn't have a . .
At the end of every day, it made a giant wave of soup that we all shared . .
We worked to the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, , but some brilliant, and we opened steps.
I took the decision to move the United States.
after one single trip.
My hunch again.
Three months later I had moved, and the adventure continued.
Before finishing, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Constrange was social norm and the local Mandarin was the person that mattered.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
His father died little after she was born.
The mother came out.
At 17, it became a consequence of a Mandarin whose flash.
Without his husband, I was a helmet to demand it and take the cause her, and a lot more relaxed caused when I won . .
You can't make it wrong.
I was in the shower in the room in Sydney when she died, to a thousand miles, in Melbourne.
I looked through the shadow of the shower and I saw it lost the other side.
I knew he had come to stop.
My mother called minutes later . .
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Fordan, and we sit around their tuna . .
We tell stories and we would make sure we were still with it.
At night a hive came and told us that I had to shut the tuna.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the``Why's your hand is hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you have taken your hand from tomorrow ,"he said.
\" You're not alone . ''
If there's a nervous in our family, that runs through women.
Since we were and how life formed us, now we can see that men who had reached our lives to us.
The defeat would have gotten easily.
Now I want to have my own children, and I ask me about the ship . .
Who could wish that for right?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a piece in your lives, survive in every wave, the constant rate of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if you could give it and see it to save, it would.
Third Neil and also the mother's mother is now here today, in the fourth or a fifth row.
My story starts in Raleigh about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the sky sky, the singer stuff, Muslim Ali.
We were trying to think about how nothing has changed from the time of the ancient end of the old end,``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel salmon to a car, and we broke the sky.
Now we do with airplanes.
In that time when Antarctica, the big Indian warrior, I had a thirst, and it took a bow, and with a flow to the floor, water . .
Now we do the same with workshops and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced to magic.
And that was a lot of me.
Every time I felt a little more technology.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating a landing if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take my friends.
It seemed that technology had to allow magic, not kill it.
And my grandfather is reminded me his pocket silver.
And this technology piece of 50 years was to my most magic thing.
It became a door to a world full of images, and particles and narratives in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, the clock of luxury and cameras prevent that we are.
They train our inspiration.
So I launched, I approached this technology world to see how to use it to create magic, instead of killing it.
Same books since 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device to connect to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
Take the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes more more molecular.
But what is that?
I'm at the point of launching Kyoto, an interactive application for iPad . .
He says,``Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so --``This box belongs to ..."I wrote my name.
And so I come back to the book.
In several moments, a -- the iPad knows where you live thanks to GPS -- that comes up to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot of magic.
And I don't mean to magic and dragons, that magic of childhood, , to those ideas that we opened from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar were always passionate.
So, here, we have to include the iPad to release the fireflies.
And, in fact, they link your way on what you laugh from the book.
Another idea that was fascinated to me, it was a whole galaxy on a ball.
So here, every book and every world is transformed in a ball that I drag towards this magic device, in the device . .
And this opens a map.
In the whole book, there has always been maps, but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows, light and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it also reveals.
Now I'm going to enter.
Another very important thing to me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time.
These are the spaces.
We've all heard of the hands and the children, how many people outside India know their Indian contracts, assumptions?
These poor passengers have been trapped in the cameras of Indra during millennia, an old old book.
So we're bringing it back in a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals today as the environmental crisis.
And talking about environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been trained, because of their computers, they haven't gone out the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collecting images of different natural objects.
As a girl, I had a lot of collections: sticks, stones, worms and cars.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So to recover this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag it.
So this is a digital collection of photos that then you can put in the Web.
A kid in London puts a and says,``Oh, today I saw a email . ''
A kid in India says, said,``Today I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taking.
Inside the connections of connection between magic, Earth and technology there are many possibilities.
In the next book, we plan to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video goes up and actually increases it increases a group of adults that are going on on the inner plants of the house.
At a moment the screen is a moment . .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and blow it up to be able to read the rest of the book.
Let's go to a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic and technology to get one to another.
Let's leverage the energy of the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic, joy and love childhood that we feel through a history.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you why a lot of healthy projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University was to go to a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she takes a little cup of coffee, or you and I asked patients, family and knowledge: What happens? ''
\" How can we help it?
And we tend to think, that this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not all, but most of the head projects fail, we stop listening to.
This is my bicycle Wikipedia . That's very simple.
It has a look at it.
All of the morning ran me.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge to get to 95 Gs . .
But it's so simple, every time I connect, send my information to Google School.
And my head doctor has access to him too . So, he can see what my weight problem, not at the same time when it needs to need cardiovascular assistance or some urgency of that style, , but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have more than four followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my bicycle Wikipedia, and before I went to my car, people start talking about: Lucy, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's a pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could use for obesity, and also so that patients stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can start to move the people in their chairs and together develop some key activity to have more control of their health . .
From the next week to be available.
This little band connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people might, from their houses, take their blood pressure, send it to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assumes a position, they're going to recover control and to be capitals of their own boat, , but it also can help us care of health because of challenges that we face, as the shot of the health because of the challenges that we face, like the shot of the medical attention, the doubling of demand and other
It will perform techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like these, but also a computer.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe even we have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the ATMs are in Mathematica.
Also where all the galaxies are.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the most close DNA to help this patient??
We ask, but no one knew . .
Nobody knows where to get the DNA saved lives at this moment.
What we did was to do is to make computer in the Netherlands.
We created a Web website, and we asked the audience that: If you see a DNA, please send it, you give them, and when it's open, because sometimes you open in hours of office and other are closed.
And over 10,000 dollars, they were introduced in the Netherlands.
The next step was to find the application for that.
And we made an application for the iPad . .
We created an application for Larry, accepted, to find these DNA.
And every time you're in the city of Machine and someone collapse, you can use your iPhone, the next weeks to use your cell phone to find the more nearby DNA, , you can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this, not just as DNA Buddhist, which is the name of the product, but also like USATS . .
And we would want to start to start to the world.
We're driving all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act as a conservation in the United Nations.
Every time you're holidays and someone collapse, it can be a park or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
You might be a or phone people, phone, ,, for example, to see if the DNA that shows is still in their place.
Please, and not just improving health, but take the control of it.
Thank you very much . .
I'm here to share my photograph . .
Or is the photograph?
Because of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest in the photograph was awakened with my first digital camera at 15 years.
I mixed with my passion before the drawing, but it was a little bit different because when I used to use the camera was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends when you press the pulse.
For me photography, I had more to do with being in the right place, in the right time . .
I looked like anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start to press the pulse.
photos like this: a construction in a.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And, despite it, it keeps a level of rules.
Or photos like these -- dark and colors at the time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say,``That's photography . ''
Because, of course, it's not something that can capture but I always want it to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
photos where you have to think a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that to capture a . .
But what's the trick that makes you look real?
Are the details or colors?
Does light?
What does the illusion creates?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But at the end is our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic.
And so I think the foundation is very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them to create a alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly unimaginable objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combine in a certain way, they can create something that still seems three-dimensional; as if it exists . .
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we take the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it really doesn't make sense.
And I see the same process to combine the photographs.
It's really to combine different realities.
And the things that you make a picture, I think that you are those where you don't even think -- the things that surrounded us in our everyday life.
But by combining photographs, it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something is going to see wrong.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules to continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special . .
But combine, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is, the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, the combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images turned out with these requirements; they were taken to the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect universe.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made.
This is another example.
You might think that this is the image of a landscape, the bottom is is manipulated . .
But this picture is totally composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal, I think it's easier to create a place that will find it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it takes a lot of planning . .
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For instance, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are a different location.
The public part was captured in a stone.
And yes, I even made the house of the top of the island to seem more dreams.
So to get a real result, I, I think it makes planning.
You always start with a cat, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thought . .
If you do a good job when you take the photos, the result can be very beautiful, and it's very realistic.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
You start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it.
It's a diagram, anybody who took from a waterfall.
I don't care so much to show you the details, but the general aspect.
It's about an analysis that we were doing about the power of the IKEA microprocessors, the power of local areas . .
What's interesting about this is that this, as many other things we can see, is a kind of straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step on here represents an order of magnitude in the performance scale.
I talk about technology with sex curves is a novel thing.
Here's something weird . .
And so I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing on paper.
Why do we plot technological curves in logarithmic scales?
The answer is that if you draw them in a, that, say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of technology that I'd like to thank you, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot . .
But if I plot, ,, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a seed, it would be very silly, we would see a straight line.
But if you happen something like this, you give a qualitative change.
If the technology of the transportation would be so fast as marketing, past tomorrow, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't get that rate.
There is no precedent in the history of the technology development of a remote growth that every few years in magnitude.
The question I want to plan is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes . .
It's going to happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical curve, I know like this until it suggested something completely different, or maybe doing something like this.
That's all that can happen . .
I'm optimistic, so I think it might happen something like this.
So, we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new form.
So what I try to ask, and ask, is, is, what is that new way I embrace the world?
What new state is going on the world?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're immersion in it . .
I remember that the future happens in 2000 and people used to talk about what's going to happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is going to be the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has gone up, year after year, along my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening . .
We can feel a transformation . We can feel it.
And we know it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will be so different to extrapolate what we're doing today has no sense.
So I want to talk to you how it could be, how that transition we experience.
But to do that to talk a little bit of things that don't have a lot to do with technology and information.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale that I'd like to do it is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at every billion years . .
So, we got a few million years when the Earth was a huge sterile rock with many chemicals that they float around.
If we see the way that those chemicals organized we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA ., I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it's, at that time, I had floating a few kittens of oil with all kinds of chemical recipes in their inner . .
Some of those acts of oil contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials of the outside, and so the cars grew up.
They started to split.
In a certain sense, those were the most primitive cell shapes; those oil goals.
But those blobs weren't alive, in the current sense, because each of them has a random of chemicals.
And every time you divide them, you've got a waste distribution of the chemicals that count.
So every cat was a little different.
In fact, the blobs that somehow differ to be better at the time to incorporate the chemicals, they grow more and more chemicals.
They usually live more time, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemistry, very simple, but things became interesting, when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we don't understand very well, these kittens learned to store information.
They learned to win information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this nonprofit evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable, since they evolved about 250 million years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just by fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 miles of white dust that I try to hide the security of the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA record, and it was 10 to 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card I have many for all the present; in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If it was a light, I would have put it in a virus, and it would have expected it by the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells were happy another billion years.
But then another big thing happened, interesting step in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information by forming these cells communities.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can swap DNA.
That way, for instance, evolved the resistance to antibiotics . .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin, and they took them to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to be made communities that, in a way, they were together in that, and they established a synergy.
That way they survive or failed together, or it was that if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community, they were reflected by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came up so much that, in fact, they came up and decided to write the whole recipe of the community in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have molecular communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a molecular community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved, and they produce more interesting levels than mobile, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that don't make information in community.
They are neural structures.
neurons are the devices that process information that those mobile communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being responsible to record, understanding and transmit information.
Those were brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not to the period of evolutionary time.
So, a organism could have, for instance, learn to do a, because it knew wrong and sick the last time I eat it . . .
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information structures that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that eat that fruit . .
And so the fact that the nervous system built those information structures accelerate enormously the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual.
It could happen in the time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for instance, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing invention.
I have a very complicated idea of an idea, in the head.
I'm sitting here by emitting a few degrees, and hopefully building a similar idea, empty and confusing, in their heads that drives some analogy with the mine.
But we take something very complicated, we become sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start to work like an organism . .
In fact, as humanity, we've started to perform abstractions.
Now we're going to look at similar periods to molecular organisms; we abstract our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, the language invention was a small step in that direction . .
The phone, the information, the video of video, the GDP, etc . are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that's a lot bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You see the evolutionary example of you in which I produced some evolution with the University program, in our eyes . .
And now we've accelerated the time scales again . .
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years every one.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundreds of millions of years.
Next, the next language, took less than a million years.
And the next, like electronics, it seems to take a few decades.
The process is feedback; I guess that ATMs is the right word to name something that appears their own change rate.
The more changes, the faster it does . .
And I think that's what we looked at in this explosion of the curve.
We see that the process is restricted.
But I get the life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I jobs to design them wouldn't be possible without any recent information.
But now design objects that would be impossible for me to design it in a conventional way.
I don't know that every transistor in that machine machine.
There are billions.
Instead of that, with the designers of The Machine Machines, we think a level of abstraction, we put it on the machine and the machine with that makes something that you couldn't be, it gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I'm going to use the methods that we don't even understand well . .
A particularly interesting method, that I've been using last, is evolution itself.
We put on the machine a evolutionary process that works on the scale of the microscope.
And for instance, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
So we say,``Please computer, can you run hundreds of millions of sequences in random?
Could you execute these sequences of transparency in random, to execute all of those programs, and take those who are about what we want to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to the numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, could use two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task? ''
Let's look at those and we eliminated the rest.
And we're going to be able to reproduce the numbers of numbers.
And we're going to reproduce them following a combination process to sex . ''
Let's take two programs, which will get children, that exchange users, and that children will inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of product programs of programs that had a little more success.
And we say,``Please, repeat the process . ''
It California again.
It introduces some mutations.
And it tries again, it's another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So, I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that ordinary numbers in absolutely perfect way.
In fact, it's a lot more efficient than I could have written in hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strangers . .
But they take the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that the goal is because they come from a bloodline of hundreds of thousands of programs that made it.
In fact, their lives depended to do it . .
Once I was at a 747 with Mark Minister, and he took a and he says,``Look at this.
He says: The plane has hundreds of thousands of bits that work together to offer a . . Don't you make it feel wrong? ''
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they were complicated.
So we start to depend on computers to make some different design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering produces.
However, we don't understand the entire choices there.
In that sense, goes from us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can execute these programs much faster.
I mean, it's represented.
The thing goes faster, and so I think it seems so confused.
Because all these technologies are restricted.
We're looking at.
And we're at an analog moment to the universal organisms when they became molecular . .
We don't understand what we are creating.
We're in the point of inflection . .
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what it comes to.
But now comes the lunch and I think I think I'm going to stop here before you eat me.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that must change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've experienced the time enough to allow me to allow me to allow me to allow me.
Before I tried my talk, we talked about a little baseball.
Why don't it??
We're near the end, the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to go out,``Rushing the rules"-- talk about statistics and use it to form a big baseball team.
I'll focus on one of them and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called bacteria average.
And we talked about 300, a bacterium that's 30 . .
That means that the cheap battery effectively, three of 10 times . .
That means to launch the ball to the game field without being caught, and anyone who tries to launch it to the first base, doesn't get time, and the second base will be saved . .
Three attempts of 10 . .
You know how they call a $300 battery in the Great Olympics?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how they call a baseball band of 400?
By the way, that's someone who's 10 hits, a.
Leader -- like the Ted William William player, the last player of the Great Law of baseball to exercise more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I tell you today.
They're supposed to have conditions, and they're derived to a surgeon that has also a $400 record in appliances.
It doesn't work, right?
Now they're supposed to live in a remote place, and it's a dear, and you have two corrolonic arteries, and your family doctor gives you to a cardiologist whose record in angiogenesis is 200 . ''
But, you know something?
She's improving this year.
And their actions have been 27 . .
This is not working.
But I'll ask them.
What do you think of you that should be the average of some heart, a heart surgeon, from a nurse or a collective of a genocide?
1,000, very well.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all medicine knows the acts of a good surgeon, from a doctor or a landscape.
What we do, though, is to send them the world, and it included me, with the mandate of being perfect.
It never, ever, they take a mistake and I think to figure out how to do well.
That was the message that I was in the medical school.
I was a very complex student.
Once a time, a fellow in the high school said that Brian Goldnitos studied until a blood test.
Because.
I studied in my little mess, in the nurses of the General hospital of Toronto General, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory . .
From my class, I memorize the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every art that comes out of the race, the diagnostic difference, and the not.
And I even knew the difference of how to classify the criminal tool.
And as much more and more knowledge.
And I was very well; I graduated with honor.
And you add from medicine school with the impression that if you measure everything, then you know everything, or the most possible, close to the whole, because it's going to join me from mistakes.
And it worked for a, until I met the Durison lady.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto when they brought to the Derus lady to the emergency service where I worked.
At the time I assigned me to the heart service.
And when it comes to put up to a cardiologist, I turned to that patient.
It's going to inform the boss of residents.
When I saw the Duris lady, I was dancing.
I heard a resilient sound.
And when I heard it, I listened to a broken sound in both sides, , which gave me a conventional heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stopped to work, and instead of pushing the blood forward, the blood goes to the lungs, these are filled in blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose . .
I did it and I went to work on the treatment that I would give.
He gave it wrong and medicine to relieve pressure in his heart.
I gave it funny, water pills, , so it could clean liquid.
And in one hour or two, she started to feel better . .
And I felt very well . .
And there was when I got the first mistake; he sent her to her.
Actually, I took two mistakes.
He sent her to his house without talking to the head of residents . .
I didn't raise the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was calling my boss and put it with him to see it.
And if my boss had seen it, I would have been able to support complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason . .
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that takes constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, which could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I got was worse.
When I would send her to her house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior that said,``Goldnoward, it's not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse that he cared of the Derrophone lady,``Do you think it's good if you go to your house? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yes, I think I'm OK . ''
I remember that as if you go yesterday.
So I signed the high, and the ambulance next with the newspapers they took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad present in the stomach.
But I kept my work.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walked into the parking where I was my car to go home . At that time I did something I don't normally.
I went through the emergency service.
And there another nurse, I didn't know the Durison lady before, but another . I told me three words, those three words that most of the emergency doctors fear.
Other specialists fear it also, but there's an emergency in epidemiology, and it is that we see the patient patients.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
\" Did you remember the patient who sent your house? ''
I asked the other nurse with total natural . .
\" Well, she came back, , the same voice tone.
She was good . .
But back and the death of death.
In a time I had come to her house, after I gave him the high, I suffered a collapse and her family called the 1118, the drivers brought to emergency with an artificial pressure of 50 feet of Higger, which means a severe shock.
I just breathed, and I was blue.
And the emergency staff hit all their resources.
They gave medicine to follow art pressure.
And they put an artificial breathing.
I was comfortable, and he went to the cord.
I had a feeling of feelings because then the stability was in intensive therapy and expected against all hope that would be recovered.
And in the two or three days, it was obvious that I would never expect.
I had a creative brain damage.
The family was gathered . .
And in eight or nine days, they refused to what was happening.
And at the ninth day, they left it . The Duris lady, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
Next weeks, I looked at it, and I experienced for the first time the shame shame is in our medical culture, and I sat only, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You do the patients and never get that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching . .
The evil shame that I'm talking about is what makes us feel very wrong inside.
It's the one that tells us is not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad . .
And that felt.
And it wasn't my boss; he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I'm lucky, and I'm sure that I didn't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did I send him to her?
And in my worst moments: Why do I commit a??
Why do I choose medicine?
Shortly that feeling was disabled.
And I started to feel better . .
And in a cloudy day, he opened the sky and finally went out the sun, and I asked if it felt better again . .
And I did a deal with me that if you reduce the efforts to be perfect to be perfect to make more mistakes, would make it close.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But I went back to happen . .
Two years later, I was help in the emergency department in a hospital at the North Toronto, and I got a 15-year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
And he looked here.
I looked at his throat, it was a little colored.
I prepared penicillin and sent him to her.
But as he headed to the door, he followed his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my graduate shift, my boss asked me to talk to me in his office . .
And the three words: Do you remember you?
Do I remember the patient who saw for a pain in the throat?
And he came back and didn't have a strategy.
I had a potentially deadly approach called epiphytes . .
You can look for it in Google . It's an infection, not from the throat, but it's the top of the top, and that can cause the land of those go.
He, fortunately, it doesn't fail.
You get antibiotics antibiotics, and you go back to the few days.
And they brought up the same period of shame and representations, and then I came back and returned to work, until it happened again and again, and again.
Two times in the same course of urgency, discoveries.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a, , because it gets to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a discount.
One of them thought I had a real calculation.
You hate a, , a, a, a colleague that was coming back to the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the corner right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid and I asked my colleague to review it.
I review it and to notice a certain sensitivity in the corner right, called the surgeon.
They were both operator, and they recover well.
But every case I approached, I sent me.
But I'd like to tell you that I eat the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, as many colleagues say, it's a park.
The most significant ones have been over the last five years.
Just, ashamed and no support.
And here's the problem: if I I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that's really going on, how could it share with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this to don't eat the same mistakes?
If I would go to a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party, you listen to talk about the mistakes of other doctors, but you don't listen to someone talking about your own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a translator in my hospital came up the wrong leg, believe that I would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial denial denial.
It's the system that there are two positions: those who make mistakes, and those who don't -- those who can't sleep and the ones who are going to have the results and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like a ideological reaction, as antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we get rid of medicine to people who make mistakes, will be a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years, it's about diffusion and medical journalism, I've made a, and I've made a bad medical test, and the medical errors to learn how possible, , from the first article that I wrote for the Torah Tower to my program,``Whitney Coke, Art"-- the white artificial . )
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system that mistakes are happening every day, where one of 10 drugs are written in the hospital are wrong, or desertification is is not right . In a system that international infections are increasingly more and more numbers, providing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24 cents by evidence doctors.
The U.S. Institute of America established 100 thousand dollars.
In both cases, it's about left-handed systems, because we're not going on the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, , and we don't update us.
The prison of sleep invaded everything.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a of a patient in the chest . .
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, and it comes up with white eyes and with alcohol, and, suddenly, my story is about waste.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do things like the same.
And my patients are not cars . Don't get their symptoms always in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminated all of the professionals in the error, good, no one.
And what about people don't want to talk about their case?
In my program,``Wollard, white,``black Art ,"it's a, and it's a computer say,``This is my worst mistake ,"I would tell everyone, from the cartoons to the heart of heart surgery, ,``This is my worst mistake ,"blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
And their students will stop, they go back, they go down the head and they would go out and start telling their stories.
They want to count their stories, they want to share them.
You want to say,``Look, don't eat the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it . . .
You need a redefined medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefine medical doctor is human, it knows human, it's accept it, and it doesn't be proud of their mistakes, but it's effective to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them . .
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It signals the mistakes of other people, not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit.
And I work in a medical culture that recognizes that humans will lead the system, and when this happens, they get mistakes in the way.
My name is Brian Glamoring . .
I'm a developing doctor.
I'm human.
And I feel a lot, but I'm effort to learn something that can transmit others . .
I don't know what about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I I remember.
Do you know how many decisions take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average number of choices that says to pick a half a average American, it's about 70 a day.
It doesn't do a lot, in a research followed for a week to a group of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks of these executives and the time that they set up to take relationships with those tasks.
They found that, in average, they take 13 jobs a week . .
Now, naturally, every work included many messages.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less . .
Only 12 percent they had a hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
You know how many people are going to belong to the nine minutes, and how many of a hour?
How do it compute the way that they handle those decisions?
Now I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the activity: choose to the choices of choices . .
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, you raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a, if your response is a, a pill . .
And now my first question of the day: Are you ready to hear about the problem of the choices of choices?
Thank you.
It's being a graduate student at Stanford University, I was looking at this very, very high level, at least in that time, was very sophisticated.
It's called dragons.
It was almost like going to a graduate park.
There was like 250 different classes of mustard and violence, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 water water, , and this was when we take water water.
I'd love to go to that store, but in one occasion, I asked me, why didn't I buy anything?
This is the one of the wind oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were in the box that they were in the sealed box.
I once decided to visit the manager, and he said,``It works well this strategy to offer all these choices? ''
He pointed out the bus full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the markets . This is the.
Passion.
They had 348 different classes.
We installed a post to say, right to the entrance of the store.
We put there in the sixter of six tastes, or 24 different tastes, and we looked at two things: First, what case people were willing to stop to try to stop the market?
More people stopped when there was 24 , 60 percent, that when there was only six , 40 percent.
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a market tower.
Here we find the opposite effect.
What they stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy market.
What they were standing when there was six, we saw that 30 percent bought members.
If we do the math, people were six times more likely to buy market if they found six . that if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy it, we don't really buy it, and so it's good to build the line, but it turns out that the problem of the choices of choices is affecting us in good decisions.
We decided to decide, even when this doesn't get us.
Now the issue of the day: the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Paul Humani, Emmay Kamaican and Weibo Jane, Western, where we look at the decisions about savings for the depression of a million Americans, in between about 65 plans in this country.
We were interested to see if the number of forests are available in plans of savings for retirement, the 404, developed people to save for the future.
And we found that actually there was a correlation.
We had 1957 plans that were from two, to 50 different choices.
We found that the bigger was the number of offered funds, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you wanted.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds, the rate rate disappeared to the 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So, for those who decided to participate, the bigger one was the number of choices, more people were unable to avoid action or investment funds.
In the time there were more choices, they were more willing to invest in terms of market finance.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize the financial financial well-being.
In the previous decade we have seen three main negative consequences by offering more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that you put the decision, which is going to apply even when this goes against the other interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions; in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick out things less satisfying, even though it's going better.
The main reason is that we're going to look at that variety of goods, mustard, violence and jellyfish, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare, to hire and choose from that awesome exhibition.
I want to show you four simple techniques that we've been testing, in a form or another, in different research, so they can train in their business.
The first is, Corric.
You've heard it before, but it has never been more true that today, that less more.
People always bother when I say,``Court . ''
They care about losing space in the ring.
But in fact, what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, you'll get rid of the extra redundant options, there will be an increase in sales, to go to the cost, there will be a better experience in choice.
When I propose by 26 different types of Santhwich -- Salas to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldman Corporation eliminated the products for cats for cats that less sold, they increased the users in 87 percent, by two causes: older sales and less expensive . .
You know, the supermarkets of today, in average offering 45 thousand products.
In a Wal-Mart store, you offer about 100,000 products.
But the largest amount of the world's bigger in the world is Alice, and it offers only 140 products -- a of a . .
In the world of financial savings, I think that one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle the choices is the planet of David Laborian, the Harvard program.
All the employees in Harvard are automatically trained to a sense of life.
You really want to choose, you'll offer 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say,``I don't know how to cut.
They're all important choices . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees:``Tell me the differences that there are between those choices.
And if your employees can't differentiate, don't do your clients . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, , I was talking to Gary.
He told me that I would be willing to offer the people in this audience, a holiday with everything paid to the most beautiful career in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it . .
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want to give you a applause if you're ready to take Gary's offer.
( Clicks) Okay . Anyone who's ready to accept the offer.
Aren't they more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else . .
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think I'm actually going to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round, which in the second, but I can come up and say they thought that the second time was more real.
Because images made it more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the choices of choices.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each option, and that consequences must feel very alive, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more in average when you use debit cards or credit, that when you use effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We made a study with Shad Benjamin and Alexander President, Prize in English foundations who worked in NGOs -- these people were in a meeting where they were affecting a 404 plan.
To that meeting, that we got exactly as it was used, we made a little addiction.
What we knew was that we used to the staff that we would think about positive things that will happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the office of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings, four percent.
The third technique is classificating.
We can handle more categories than choices . .
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazines.
We saw that in the George supermarkets is the long of the novelty, the magazine exhibition can contain from 33,000 different types to 1926.
But you know?
Because the classification tells me how to differentiate.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called``Jack"and the other,``Sweden . ''
If you think the one on the left is Smith and the right is Jack, you have a pill.
( Bit applause) Well there are some.
If you think the one on the left is Jack and the right is Smith, you get a pill.
Well, something else.
It turns out that's right.
The one on the left is Jack and the right is Smith, but, you know something?
This classification scheme is totally useless . .
The categories should indicate something to who choose, not to the defined.
You often see this problem with those huge lists of funds.
You know, just who are informed?
My fourth category: contributing complexity.
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think, if we just simplify a little bit.
We have to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a complicated decision; it buys it from a car.
This is a German family of cars that allows you to personalize it altogether.
You have to take 60 decisions, to take the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each one.
colors, the outside color of the car . I have 56 possibilities.
motors, change, four choices . .
What I'm going to do is the order to do the decision.
So half the clients are going to go from many options , 56 colors, a, a . .
The other half of the clients are going to go from few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, many choices.
And what am I going to look at??
How involved you are.
If it comes to always the button in every decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed, or it is: we are losing them . .
We found that the ones that go from many options to a few, you know the button, and again, and another time.
We lose them.
If you go from a lot of choices to many, you continue there.
Same information, the same number of choices.
The only thing I did was to alter the order that the information is present.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose.
Even though I chose the box, I don't say nothing about the preferences of inner decoration, in all ways I prepared to choose.
We have a product that we're building that we're building that now we have more hooked with the process.
To summarize.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the options of the choices: Corrotage, to eliminate strange, conflict, to make it real; classify, we can handle more categories with less choices; conditions.
All these techniques that I've been presented to be designed to help handle the alternatives, or better, for you, to use them in your issues, or for people who are.
So I think the key to get the best of a choice is being careful to school.
And the more careful we are in our choices better, we can practice the art to choose.
Thank you very much . .
In the '80s, in the United States, if you had a writing, I should write it into the government.
I had to record an example of an example of example written with the machine.
And this for government could track the origin of text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West we don't know that someone could do this, so much that this limited freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow yellow dots in every page that makes a pattern that makes them own one and your printer.
That's happening today.
And no one seems to be able to do a lot of this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems in the network.
If you see what's going on in the line in the line, we can add the attacks on your attacker . .
There are three main groups.
They are criminals.
like Mr. Dimitri Golden in the city of King, in Ukraine . .
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to win a lot of money, images.
There are really many cases of millions online, multi-sense, who won money with their attacks.
This is Love Theater, Task, Statistic . .
This is Alfred Geongle.
This is Stephen Watson.
This is Brian Turing.
These are Matthew Anderson, Taran Alah etc., etc., etc . .
These guys do their foundation in line, but they do it by illegal media as well as they do that by illegal drugs to steal money to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service in the United States, two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this lady, Sam John, and this account had 14 million dollars when it was frozen . .
Mr. John everywhere, it's known to her.
And I say today, it's more likely than any of us is a cyberwar of a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes wrong in worse.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions, they motivate the laughter.
groups like Anonymous have developed in the last 12 months, by the last 12 months on the line attacks.
Those are the three main attacks: criminals that make it for money, the hackers like Anonymous that do it to protect and the last group is the national states the governments that attacked.
And then we see cases like Dickinsometork.
That's a good example of government attack against their own citizens.
Digital is a central country of the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
He declared the last fall because of a flavor.
They showed the security of the site and they would be surprised.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people in the cause of the disease to digital attack.
And the answer of him was yes . .
So, how do people die about a attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certificate . .
Why do you look at the certificate?
Well, you need if you have a website with rockets, secreting, self-expectance services, services like Gmail.
Except that they're interested in a foreign contracting authority.
And that's what you're going to commit up approaches.
And in the case of designing it happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for instance, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt, the protesters came up with the headquarters of the Egyptian secret site in April in 2011 and during the building of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those papers was this called``MITNA . ''
And within that folder, there was notes of a company in Germany who had sold the Egyptian Egyptian government to intercept a huge scale of citizens in the country.
They had sold this tool for 250,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company is right here.
I mean, Western governments are providing tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, I found the Sanda testimony; a disorder used by the official government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspect in a good criminal case, it's quite obvious that your phone is interested.
But now it goes beyond.
The Internet connection.
They will use even tools like the Turing disorder to infect our computer with a to allow you to allow you to see all the communication, and listen to online discussions, to get our data.
When we think about things like this the obvious answer should be``Well, it seems something bad, but I don't actually affect me because I are a.
Why do we worry??
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument has no sense.
It's play privacy.
privacy doesn't argue.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control . .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we have today, will be forever.
Are we going to be about any future government, in a administration we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that must worry about in the next 50 years.
Here's where I live . I live in Kenya, in the southern part of National National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, to the bottom, behind the cows, the National Park Park.
The National Park Park doesn't have close in most of the south, which means that wild animals like the babies migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions, they follow them, and this is what they do . .
kill our livestock.
This is one of those who killed at night, and as soon as we stood up in the morning and we found it dead, I felt very bad because it was the only tower we had.
My community, the masses, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to track them, and so we value so much.
So I grew up with a lot of the lions.
They die these are warriors that protect our community and the livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there is so few in the National Park Park Park.
A kid in my community, from the six at nine, it's responsible to the livestock of his father, and this was the same thing that's going to me.
So I had to find a way to fix this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought that the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that actually this wouldn't be, because I even helped the lions to see the forest.
I didn't laugh . It got.
A second idea was to use a specialist.
I was trying to get the lions to you to believe that I was near the stable.
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and saw the beekeepers, and they were, but the second day, they came back and said,``This thing don't move, it's always here . So they jumped up and killed animals.
So one night was walking around the stable with a torch, and that day the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions have fear to light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I'm going to think and take the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
I admire everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charge the battery and the battery supply electricity to the little Indian box . I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes the dead lights.
As you can see, the bulbs get outside, because that's where the lions come.
And that's how you see the lions when you come from night.
The lights stopped, and they go to the lions to think I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my home two years ago, so, we never come back to have problems with lions.
And the home houses saw the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals the lions and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
You put them . You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea also is used now all over Kenya, to adjust other predators as hyena, leopard, and it's also using to escape elephants.
Thank you to this invention, I had the fortune to get a scholarship on one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funds and awareness . .
I even took my friends to my community and install lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So, a year ago, it was just a kid in the drink of my father, showing the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying, and he said to me that some day would be within one.
And today I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED . .
My big dream is to be an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
I smell . What in my tongue means, thank you very much . .
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship . Richard Turkey: Yeah . .
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What is the next in your list?
RB: My next invention is -- I I want to do an electrical fence . CA: A: A?
RB: I already invented the electrical ones, but I want to do the mine . .
CA: You're going to try once, right?
We're going to animate in every step that, from, my friend.
Thank you very much .: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called``I didn't send anything . ''
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim IISS, , but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are enemies.
Although sometimes I was asked about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea, until everything changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public performance.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor, and I had never happened hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mother brought home a letter of my sister.
He said,``When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks.
We're recorded together in the floor, our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered . .
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
At a little time, when I walked in front the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a kid scanned in his arms watching the face of his mother without able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
A huge man you bring North Korea in North America.
At the end, more than a million Koreans died during the hunger and just a, only survived eating cake, insects and tree.
They also made more and more frequently, all my around was completely to dark at night except by the lights of sea in China, just crossing the river from my home.
I always asked why they had light and we don't.
This is a North Korean photo photo in the night compared with neighboring countries.
This is the Arm River, which comes from limits between North Korea and China . .
As you can see, the river can be very risky in certain dots, allowing Koreans to cross.
But many die.
Sometimes, I see bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how the North Korea came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of hunger, I was sent to China to live with distant patients.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a.
I had no idea how life would be a normal refugee.
But I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Korean refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to a horrible destination of back in North Korea.
A day, my worst nightmare was reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interested in the police station.
Somebody had been accused by being Korean, then I examine my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explain.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and sport . .
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and I answered the questions.
At the end of the interaction, a official told another,``This was a fake report . She's not Korean . ''
And they left me going . It was a miracle.
Some storytellers in China seek asylum in foreign embassy.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and sports.
These women had very lucky.
Even though they had captured them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These storytellers didn't have so much lucky.
Every year, including North Chinese, they're captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured, incarcerated or executive executives.
Although I went lucky to escape, many other storytellers haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that storytellers have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and find work, all his world can be taken in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years to hide my identity, I I decided to go back to Korea.
I started a new life again.
In South Korea was a much bigger challenge than I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South . .
We are all Korean, , but inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
Even a crisis of identity.
Am I surgery or North?
Where am I? Who?
Suddenly, there was no country that could call me calling me.
Even though I adapt to life in South Korea wasn't easy, I made a plan . I started studying for the exam of income to college.
Just when I started adapting to my new life, I got a call.
The North Korea authorities introduced some money that sent my family, and, as a punishment, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location on the outside.
They had to flee immediately.
I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom . .
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I looked at the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to take them, in some ways, for over three miles through China, and then through the South Asia.
The trip in bus took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was stopped, and I approached by a official of the Chinese police.
I asked the identification of all, and started asking questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I was, I actually put me out and told him that they were developing people who were going on.
I looked at myself, but fortunately I believe.
We did all the way to the French border.
But I had to spend almost my whole money to bribe the border guards in Lagos.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and incarcerated to cross the frontier.
After paying mouse and bribes, my family was released in a . .
But at time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the Galaxie capital.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did all to release my family, , and we were so close to my family, but my family was represented in prison at the short of the South Korea embassy.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or crutches.
I lost hope.
At that time, the voice of a man ask,``What's the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a unknown would care to ask.
With my poor English, and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and no doubt, the man went to the car, and I gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other topics and to get them from prison.
I thank all my heart, and I asked him,``Why do I help? ''
\" I'm not helping ,"he said.
\" I'm helping the North town . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The name is a new hope for me and for the North town when we needed it.
And I showed you that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the root of hope that the North people need . .
Over the time, after our long journey, my family and I met in Korea.
But to get your freedom is just half the battle.
Many Koreans are separated from their families, and when they open to a new country, they start with little or nothing.
So we can benefit the international community with education, practical language practices, work practice, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us we follow in contact with families still, , and we drive information and money that's helping to change North Korea from inside . . . . . .
I've been very lucky, I've got a lot of aid and inspiration in my life, so I want to help by giving Koreans an opportunity to thrive international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more transplanted Koreans around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central.
This is Central County: shops, life stores, fast food.
So the planners of the city came and thought, we're going to change the name of Central Center to represent something else, so they changed the Los Angeles south, as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles . lines, fast food, flow.
As 27 million other Americans, live in a food desert, Los Angeles Center, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to take killed more people than food in the car.
People are dying from curved diseases in Los Angeles.
For example, the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times bigger than, say, Berrey Hill, that's like 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happened.
And I wonder, how do you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go out of home, you see the damage that the food system is in your neighborhood?
I see chairs of courses and sold as cars.
I look at the distance centers like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I'm also going to get 45 minutes old and turn to buy a apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, it was to plant a food forest in front my house.
In a land farm that we call a garden.
It's 45 feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to hold it.
I said,``Well, I can do what I'm going on in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to hold it . ''
That's how I decided to hold it.
So my group and me, L.A. Green Groughtrop, we put us and start planting our food forest, the fruit trees, you know, the nine complex vegetables.
So what we do, we are a kind of a group paid by the developing compound by the death of all the processes, from all the city and completely voluntary, and all we do is free . .
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody gets burned.
The city came up to me, and they came up with a quote, saying I had to retreat my garden, the cat was made the court.
And I said,``Come, right?
A Jewish order to plant food in a of a piece of land that no one matters?"So it was like,``Well, let me take it . ''
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
LP Times had the story written by Steve Leaf, , and I talked to the concept and one of the members of Green Greened members, who put a petition in Charlot, with 900 shapes, a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My concept I even call to say that they answered and worship what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why don't it?
LG is the city of the United States with more bad land.
It's 61 miles of ballet land . .
That's 20 cents Park.
That's enough space to plant 125 million plants.
Why don't you look like this?
Growing a plant to give a thousand , 10 thousand seeds.
When a dollar of students will give you 75 dollars.
It's my kid, when I tell people, crops your own food . .
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central Central.
I grew up there . I grew up there.
I'm going to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me, and I'm going to manipulate my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graffiti, I crops my art . .
Just like an artist artist, it's an artist of the walls, and I mean, so, sleep, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my email.
They would be surprised to see what the land can do . If you let it be your canvas.
You simply can't imagine how amazing it is a sunflowers and how you affect people.
What happened?
I'm witness how my garden became a tool of education, the transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They were surprised to see how to affect children.
The paradox is the most therapy and provocative, which can do, , especially in a . .
Furthermore, you get phrases.
I remember an occasion, a mother, and his daughter, they were like 100 at night, and they were in my garden, salt and look at it.
Now, ,, man, I felt wrong that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason . .
I felt shame to see people who were so close to me with hunger, and this only reinforces the why I do this, people ask me,``End, don't you have the people going to steal your food? ''
I say,``For God, I don't have fear that you're going to steal . ''
For that's on the street.
That's what it comes.
I want you to take it, but at your time, I want to get your health . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a's center in the center of Los Angeles . .
They were these guys, who helped me to download the truck.
It was fabulous, they shared their stories about how this had affected and how they used to plant with their mom and her, , was a to see how this changed, it was just for a . . . . ''
So Green Grounds has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, like about 50 people who come and work and participate, all in volunteer plan.
If the kids grow out, the kids will eat.
If you drive tomatoes, you'll eat tomatoes . But if none of this is taught, if you're not taught how food affects your mind and body, you eat blind what you put in front.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're trapped . I see a color of color that are in this path designed for them, who don't take them anywhere . .
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are going to get in their communities to have a life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carrolina.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we never do it.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole piece of gardens, where people can share food in the same square . .
I want to take condoms and turn it into healthy cafes.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because it's not sustainable . .
The curious thing about sustainability, it's you have to hold it up.
What I'm talking about is to go to people, take people on the street, they know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers markets.
What I want to do here, we have to make sex.
I want everybody to become electricity, paradigm, parados . .
We have to change the script of what a geneticist is . .
If you're not a garden, you're not a . .
You take your hair right?
That's your choice gun . .
In the sum, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, I don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit -- to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, you go to the garden with your hair so we can plant something.
Peace . Thank you . .
Thank you.
( Marriage noises) You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice career.
It's made out of asphalt, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days as today, I read a lot.
You can have a of water in the asphalt that goes out.
And especially if you're going on your bicycle, and these automobiles go, that's not very enjoyable.
Furthermore, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we built roads, like the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a quiet career.
The solution for that is to make a porous shell roads.
The poster asphalt, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has pores and water can go through it, so all the water water water in the side and have a career that it's easy to drive up, and they will be a career that it's easy to drive.
The noise will also disappear in these pores . .
Because it's very hollow, all the noise disappearing, so it's a very quiet career.
It also has disadvantages, , of course, and the disadvantage of this career is that you can leave.
What is it going to leave? Look at this road, the stones of the surface are coming out.
First one stone, then several and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I don't do that . But you can give you his paralysis, you will not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create scholarships with that . .
Ah . It's ready.
Banks, of course can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can actually see how the damage appears in this material.
It's a porous feature, as I said, ,, so it only has a small amount of grass between stones.
Because of the behavior, the ultraviolet light, this anticipate, this tuna, the glue between the wheels, access, and if you get it, you're going to get microbes and you're going to separate on the added . .
So if you drive up the road, you'll take the grateful -- as we see here.
To solve this problem, we think of authoritarian materials.
If we can make this material, then we probably have a solution.
And so what we can do is use steel water, from that to clean seats, and we can cut up the steel line in very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the button . .
And so we have a little bit of seat with small steel pieces in it.
Then you need a machine, like you see here, you use to cook -- a machine machine.
The industry can heat, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you've got to do is to heat the steel, you will melt the baton, the button flow by these microbes and stones will look at the surface.
Now I used to use a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big industry machine here to stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the show, which I'm going to take out to see what happened.
This is the show you now now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tested many samples there and then the government, they actually saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So they donated a piece of career , 400 feet from the Apilica freeway, where we had to do a trial card to prove this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the career test, and then, of course, this career will last several years without no harm . that's what we know about practice.
We take many samples of this career and we tested them in the lab.
We did aging the samples, we put a lot of charge in them, and we would break them together with our industry machine and we would repair them, and we went to try.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the energy energy for, , actually, increase the life of the surface of the road, even they can double the life of the surface, even it can be saved a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also works . .
We still have the show here . It's quite hot . .
Actually, you have to face first before you can show you how you act the repair.
But I'm going to do an attempt . .
Let's see . Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having a morning with the sound of the skin in my home.
My father was listening to ABC News in his little gray radio.
I had a, in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news of the news usually depression.
\" The Taliban went down!"I screamed my father.
I didn't know what, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a truth school ,"he said.
One morning I never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years when the Taliban came out of Afghanistan and made illegal that girls were to school.
For the next five years, I looked like a kid to hide my sister older, which couldn't be used outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that no one could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in the market, so that it seemed we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, , but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we have our lives; the teacher, students and our parents.
Instead, the school was actually closed for a week, because the Taliban sands.
We always wondered what they knew from us . .
Were they following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were terrified, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and daughters.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time . .
A total report of a remote province of Afghanistan -- insist that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so her father did it.
But my education mother became master . .
This is.
It will go back two years ago, just to turn our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood . .
And my father, this is the first of all his family to get education.
There was no doubt that their kids had to get education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a higher risk to not educate their children.
For the years of Taliban, I remember that there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to go up, but my father said,``meme, daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money; you can force your home during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with, what's here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we do.
So, you still want to do? ''
I'm 22 years today.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war . .
Less than six percent of my age, they have more than the male, and if my family wouldn't have been so committed with my education, I would be one of them.
In change, I found up here proud of graduate in Medican College.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, which was expected from his home for the inability to educate his daughters, was one of the first to congratulate.
He's not just my university of my college, but also I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, who took it driving by the streets of Kabul . .
My family believes in me . .
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 110, a to educate women.
It's why South Solian, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a, a country where it's still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I look at your parents and your families that, like the month, you go through them, despite and even in front of a daunting opposition.
Like Ahmed . It's not his real name, I ca not show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter came from the way from SPL to his village, and literally, they were made out of being killed by a bomb in the road, minutes.
When I got to your house, your phone, a voice would warn that if you still send your daughter to school, , you'll try and try.
\" Make me already, if you want ,"he said,``But I'm not going to give the future of my daughter for your old and reduced ideas . ''
What I've been aware of Afghanistan, and it's something that's often forget in the West, it is that behind most of whom we transmit, there's a parent that recognizes the value of his daughter, and I see that the success of her their own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers haven't been key in our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling interactions of the bright future of their daughters, the context of a, the context, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are hundreds -- remember, was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan is so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't die too much, after the U.S. troops.
But when I came back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and their parents that you play for them, that animals, I see a and a durable change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and limitless possibilities, and every day the girls in evolution remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forget the words of my grandmother that died in the exile,``daughter ,"to Gaddafi, fight against him.
But you never come back to a Goar revolution . ''
You have spent almost two years since this is the limbic revolution inspired by the models of mass mobility, as much as the Egyptians.
A forces with many other books, inside and outside of the country to call a day to call a day of forest and initiate a revolution against the transplant regime of Gaddafi.
And it was a great revolution.
Women and young children were in the vagina, expanding each of the regime, by providing freedom, dignity and social justice.
You've shown a value to be able to be able to be able to face the degree of Gaddafi.
They have shown a of the East East, , to the west, to the south . .
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war, and a few thousand months of about 50 thousand deaths, we managed to release our country and discover the tyrant.
However, Gaddafi left a, a leader of tyranny, corruption and self-seeds.
For four decades, the standard of Gaddafi destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of the limbic society.
aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've been looking at a lot of other women, rebuild civil civil society, by adding an inclusive transition and fair to democracy and national reconciliation.
They were about 200 organizations in Beijing during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Trip.
After a 33 years of exile, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm, I started organizing workshops about development, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Platform of Women Libya, by the Peace, a movement of women, leaders, in very diverse orientation, to embrace by the political autonomy of women and our rights of equal participation in the building of democracy and peace . and peace . and peace . and peace . and peace . and peace . and peace
I found a very difficult environment in the prefrontal period, an environment that was increasingly more polarized, that moved from the political policies of dominance and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 17,000 percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years . .
However, the electricity of the elections and the revolution as a whole, they were disappearing; every day we found violence news.
One day we woke up with the news of the projection of ancient mosques and turns out.
Another day, I walked with the news of the American ambassador and the car attack.
And another day we woke up with the news of the former official of the military.
And every day, every day we woke up with the government of the microbes and their continued violations of human rights rights and their lack of law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, it's more popular, and it has been away from the ideals and the principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, we had the beginning.
The intolerance, the exclusion and the revenge became the icons of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire it with our history of the success of the self-experience, and the choices.
Rather, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we choose wrong, we take the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well . .
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The creative list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society followed, and dominated with selfish policies of dominance and exclusion, both by men as women?
Maybe what it wasn't just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and included.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of the consensus of what the choices needed, that just reinforced pollination and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the most feminine, more than we need the chemical representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an outrage agents and calling the day.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female discourse, not only honor, but it also puts the marketing instead of the revenge, the collaboration instead of the competition, the included instead of excellence.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately with the end of achieving peace.
Because peace has an algorithm that's about interaction and alternative between female perspectives and male.
That's the real skull . .
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it.
All right with a version of the Koran``Savan"-- the peace --``It's the word of the God missing ,"-- represented, compassionate . . . . . ''
At the time, the word``grass ,"which is known in all the agricultural traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word``frog"-- uterus -- but by combining the feminine and women, that I would go back to the whole humanity that men and women, that all tribes and women have loved.
And so, like the uterus covered completely the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of the compassion.
So it says,``My mercy fits all the things . ''
So it says,``My marketing prevents about my anger . ''
That you all got the thank you.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an instant question, it has an equally clever response.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is that they all do: Why she's left?
Why would anybody stay with a man who paid?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social work, I don't expect in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to count.
I was 22 years old . I had just reached at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first work as writing and editor in the snow . .
I had my first apartment, my first green card American Experts, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who I believed my twin soul, I stood to the head with a gun, cardiologist with balls.
The man, the man who loved more than anybody in this world, I put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of``love love ,"a psychological trap, a psychological trap, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be your story.
I don't look like a typical of the domestic violence.
I'm linked in English at Harvard University and I have an MBA in March Business World School.
I've spent most of my career working for companies from the list``Fortune 500 ,"between them John & Johnson, Los Bundon and the Washington Poster.
I take almost 20 years with my second husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black flag, and I drive a Minister Dingerot.
So my first message for you, is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the races, all the religions, all the levels of training and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody think that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Not exactly.
Over 85 percent of the materials are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in the intimate relationships, interdependent and long duration or, in the families, the last place, in families, the last place where we want or we would expect to find violence, and we would expect to find violence, and we would expect to find violence.
I would have told them that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who paid, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women in 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year for couples, November and abusive eyes in the U.S.
I was also a, because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their signals of warning or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and a slide night.
I was sitting on my side in New York City and started to fail with me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he had just come out of a university of the Virgin Level, and I worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what I'm impressed in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed a kid.
I had a lot of big molecules as a apple, and a wheat, a wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the most intelligent things that I did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it all about the beginning by putting on a . .
We started to go out and I loved it all of me: that was ready, that I had gone to Harvard, who put passion to help the girls, and my work.
I wanted to know it all about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
I think I think, like writing and as a woman, like no one had ever done.
And it was why the license in that high school and the work in Wall Street and his bright future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence is seduced and making the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is isolate . .
Now the last thing I wanted to do was in New York and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I left my work and Congo and I went together in Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was going on in a``crazy love ,"which was entering head in a physical trap, financial and psychological camera.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is introducing the violence threat to see how she was.
And here's where they enter the gun.
In the time we moved to New English, you know, that site where you're supposed to be so safe, you bought three guns.
One was in the car.
Another one of the game under the pillow, and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those pills to cause of the trauma that lived from small.
I needed to feel safe.
But those pills were actually a message for me, and even though I had never lifted my hand, my life already in a dangerous, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven in the morning, and I still had the truck.
Five days later, when the 10 months of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother from my mother and married with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happy forever, because I loved it, and he also wanted to me.
And I was very, very, very risky.
He simply had been very busy in the wedding and the fact to form a.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make harm.
I spent two times in our skin moon.
The first time I was driving to a secret beach and I lost, and he gave me so strong in the head that I bounce several times against the window of the car.
And then a couple of days later, driving out of our skin moon, he went through the traffic, and I threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Now, I kept following one or two times a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only in this situation.
One of the three American women is value of domestic violence or August at some point of their life, and the center of control Control disease that every year million children are made , 15 million . .
So, actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I get??
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was working on me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, love from a deeply scary man, , and it was the only person in the world that could help Congo to face their demons.
The other question that everybody does is: Why don't it simply do it??
Why didn't I? I could have gone at any time.
So to me, this is the most sad question that people do, because we, victims, we know something that normally you ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a marker.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the killers in domestic violence occur after the victim has put the relationship, after making it, because then the abuse has no nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include the permanent approach, even after the abuse has come to marry, financial resources, and manipulation of financial, and manipulation of family in family to land the victim and their children, who normally are obliged by the judges to spend time to spend time to spend time.
And we still ask why it's simply not go?
I was able to go, and I was able to go, because of a last school that came up with my denial.
I realized that the man I loved so much, I would have killed if you had it.
So I break silence.
I told everybody: to the police, to my neighbors, my friends and family, to complete unknown, and I here today because you all helped me.
We have the trend to train victims as spooky headlines, self-organizing women, dangerous women . .
The question,``Why is it left? ''
So for some people, it's a way to say,``The guilt is yours for me to stay ,"as if victims we will be able to be able to be able to get out of men who want to destroy.
But since I published``crazy love ,"I heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also scanned, that they learned an unstable lesson of what happened to them, and they're missing their lives and happy lives lives as employees, wives and mothers, completely free lives . .
Because it turns out, I'm a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I was going to marry with a cute man, and we have those three children.
I have that black algebra and also that minority.
What I'm not going to have ever more, ever, is a load gun pointing up to my head in hands of someone who says I want . .
At this moment, as you're thinking,``Hello, that's fascinating!"or``Hi, what silly it was!"or``Hi, what it was, I've actually been talking about you.
I'm sure there's a few people, which are listening to me right now, that they're being labeled or they were a little bit of a small, or they are overwhelmed themselves.
The drill could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy love by breaking silence.
And I'm going to do today.
It's my way to help other victims, it's my last petition to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is simply in silence . .
They have the power to end with domestic violence just dragging light on it.
victims need everybody.
We need that each of you understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Let's take the light to light talking about it with their children, their jobs, their friends and family.
They represent their vision of survivors as fantastic people and charming, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to raise their scale and show the victims a . .
Together we can turn our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and patients that should be.
Thank you.
Hi . Museum, and it's called a time, I'm a . .
To be accurate, for 10 years.
And I feel that at this moment there is an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed that . Fortunately, I brought clothes to change.
This is the first clothes of clothes on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky, and I think . .
If some of the women were horrified when they came out, they don't have to tell you now, but I'll find it later at Twitter . .
I also want to feel that I have the privilege to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These techniques are very uncomfortable; less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater on the head, because it's when they're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything as I cover your head.
All right.
Why did I do this?
It's been embarrassing . .
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've changed totally what they thought of me in six seconds . .
And in this picture, never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me to go through the viewer, and I would take the hair.
Of course, I save with surgery or an artificial tan like that I made two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our aspect, which, even though shallow and immoral, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, to be brave means to be honest.
I'm in this stage because I am a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my lab, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in the way it's wrong.
The first question is, how do you get to be model?
And I always say,``A catar discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything . . ''
The real reason I made a model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a inheritance, , and maybe you're wondering what this inheritance is . is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire, we've also associated to a high and stable shape, to the food and a white skin.
And that's my inheritance, the inheritance that I've been able to leverage to win money . .
And I know that there are people in the audience that is now shown, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that say -- wait . There's Naomi, Tharan, Joan Simpson, Linus Wentina.
First, happy to know so much of models . It's amazing.
But I really have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student from the University of New York City, and each of the models in the hallway, and in the 77 models, just 27, it's just 27, it's not white.
The next question that people always do is: Could it be a model when it's bigger?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't love that . .
But then, what I'm really going to tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president in the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a nine creative surgeon, and a door, which would be awesome, because it would be the first.
If after this spectacular list, , no, no, no, Cameron, I want to be a model, then I say,``I know my boss.
Because I I'm not at all, and you could be the heart of the reduction of the American Voice magazine, or the House of H & M, or the next Steven Minister.
Saying most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's outside your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work that you can choose.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike heart surgery, it can come back right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've got your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your backs, whether you don't matter what you say, you know, if you say, if you say that you want to be president in the United States, but your curriculum said, interest for 10 years, people would look weird.
The next question that people always do is if all the photos are connected.
And yes, they're basically recovered all the photos, , but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a bikini, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal terrain, but it was a girl.
So I fight my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two photos are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I'm in a few days before the photos for the French voice.
Here I am with my soccer team and the magazine V.
And this is me in the activity . .
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those photos.
They're creation of a, professional, medical, photographs, photos and stars, and all their aid, and people in front and programming, and they managed to create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get free things?
I have too many technologies of 20 feet, and I never use, except the very before, but the privilege that I get in in real life, and we don't like to talk.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was teenagers, I traveled with my friend who was a little driver; it got a little bit in red, and, of course, they stop, and it's a little bit, agent to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these privileges by my aspect, not for what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their appearance without matter who are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 14,000 teenagers to whom I stopped and record , 86 percent were black and Latin satellites, most of them were young men.
And there are only 1.7 black young black people in New York, so for them, isn't a question of me.
But how many times I would stop? And when?
When you're researching for this talk, I understand that the 33 percent of the girls of 13 years in the United States don't like your body, and that number goes to 75 percent at 17.
So the last question that people do is: How is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: if you're a little bit more thin, and you have the most brilliant hair, and you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give you a answer that maybe you look at it . .
We say,``It's really wonderful to travel, and also amazing power to work with creative people, ingenuity and passionate.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never said in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you've ever wondered: with a few more thin legs and the most brilliant hair, being happier?
You just have to meet with a, a, because you have the most thin legs, the most brilliant hair and the clothes more to fashion, , but it's probably the most physical women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a racist of racial and gender, when I'm one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something that's going to come from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was most enough to support a camera, but today I want to share with you, my 15 pictures, and I didn't go to you who I go.
There were no artistic directors, no stars, no opportunity to repeat photos, not even a minimal care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took tourists to random.
My story starts when I found in New York City to give a, my wife, and my wife took me this picture holding to my daughter in the day of his first birthday . That's the corner of 75 and five.
I gave the chance that we come back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you know what it comes right now.
When I approached the third birthday of my daughter, my wife said,``Why don't you take it to New York at a parallel trip, and you get the ritual?
Here is when we started to ask the tourists that were going to take us the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of entering the camera to a is so universal.
Nobody has never been denied and, fortunately, nobody has no one.
So, we weren't aware of how much to change this journey.
It became something sacred for us . . .
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter, what I had happened that day, the way that a two-year-old girl could understand.
These pictures are much more than representation of a, or a journey.
They're also a way to stop the time in a week of October and to think about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter, and I can see life through their eyes and how it perceived and interact with everything.
That in concrete that we spend together is something that we're hoping with illusion every year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking, when suddenly, it stopped in dry and sign a of the drop of the dolls that I would add of small in previous visits.
And I described what had felt at the age of five years in the same place.
I began to remember his heart to be able to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created are memories.
So I want to share the idea of participating in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but it's about these 15 pictures, not just in many of the family photos.
I'm just like the picture of the picture.
Now, I want to encourage today to go out in the picture, and they don't want to go back to someone and ask them: Do you take a picture?
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The scripts are in the most threatened group.
First, why do they have so bad?
It has also been associated with Disney distributions as mental characters, silly, stupid . .
More recently, if you've been following the pink, automatical press, applause and apps these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament, but I don't accept it.
I don't accept . You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep clean the environment, the pleasures don't help prevent disease of disease.
They're hard . They're far from extinct . And, my favorite, the ones have better presence . There are two types of lower on this planet.
There are the looks at the world of the New World that are mostly in America, like the creators and the roads, and the first of the old World World, where we have 16 species.
So why don't the big are important? First, they provide vital ecological services.
They're our natural garbage records.
Let's clean the cadavers to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria . help absorb the anthrax that's not going to be for them, and it would cause big loss of livestock and diseases in other animals.
The recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no good, , cars take three to four times as to decompose, and this has huge ramifications in disease.
The scripts also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to the ancient Egyptian culture.
New Beethen was the symbol of the project and the marriage and, along with the cobra, they simulated the unity between the height and the Booth Egypt . .
In the Indian mythology, Jachal was the free god, , and he risked his life to save the day to save the God's death of the last 10 heads.
In the traditional culture, you do a lot of very important people in the open sky, in places like the Tibet, there is no place to get to the dead, or wood to celebrate them, so these worlds will provide a natural illumination system.
What's the problem with the scripts?
We have eight species in Kenya, which six are in extreme threats of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason that they're being poisoned is because there are conflict between humans and the family, the Palestinian communities using this poison against predators, and as a result, the scripts are victims of this.
In the south of Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of loss are in the critical list of extinction of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, it's going to be extinct, and the reason is because they fall pressure of livestock consumption that has been treated with an Italian drug.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a posture.
Because there's no fair, there has been a in the number of cell dogs in vertical dogs, and when you have street dogs, you have a of time for Arabic -- the number of cases of Arabic has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa : 35,000 farmers are going to be above the Turkey lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds . They cut it in half.
These are birds.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible trade of lower deaths to serve the bush and the face market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds . We're putting transmission.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, to see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so they focus on a problem, it's not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the guides, about the need to learn these wonderful creatures and services that are involved . .
How can you help? can become active, to make noise . you can write a letter to your government and tell you, and tell you, we have to focus on these very flooding creatures . donate their time to diffuse the word . .
When you get out of this room, you're going to inform you about the bus, you talk with your families, with your children, your neighbors on the bus.
They're very elegant . Darwin said that he changed it, because I saw it flying without effort, without effort in the skies.
Kenya, this world, to be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much . .
Every thing I do, and everything I do, and all I do probably -- my life -- has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1968 to 1973, Lung, but I'm not . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Coast of ivory, Algeria and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project that we set in Africa.
And I was perceived.
I thought, at 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything that we did that.
Our first project, which inspired my first book,``waves of Zama ,"it was a project where we've got to teach the people in Zambia to grow food.
And so, we came with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes up to the Kamaice River, and we teach the local things to grow Italian and chains, and ...
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes, they don't care . We were astonished that the locals, in so fertile, they haven't had agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how possible you don't grow anything, we just said,``Thank God that we are here ."`` Just in time to save the Beauth's Beauntain . ''
And of course, all in Africa became beautiful.
We get these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a, the size, in Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the biologists:``Look what easy is agriculture . ''
When the tomatoes were nice, ladies and red, at night at the morning, about 200 p.m., we were going on from the river, and they eat everything, and we said to the biologists,``Oh my God, we tell them! ''
And they said,``Yes, so we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't you say? I never said . I never asked . . I never asked . . I never asked . . I never asked . . I never asked . . I never asked . . I never asked . . I never asked . . I never asked
I thought we just got the Italian mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what the Americans did, what the French did, then to see what they were doing, I felt quite proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed them.
You should see the waste -- you should see the waste that we give them to people in Africa.
It wants to read a book, I read``help Death"from Damasatom Modern, email . .
The book was published in 2009 . .
We, Western donors countries, we've entered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you the damage that that money has caused.
Just read his book.
Let's look at an African woman, the damage we have done.
The Westerners are important, collaboration missions, and we treat people just two ways: or pathowning them, or we are particles.
The two words come from the Latin root, which means``father . ''
However, it means two different things.
Pattern, I try any of a different culture as if you were my children .``I want a lot . ''
Particle, I treat all of a different culture as if they were my snakes.
So white in Africa are called``bomb ,"boss.
That book gave me a board in the face .,``The small thing is beautiful ,"I wrote by school, who said for all the economic development, if people don't want to be helped, gods.
This should be the first principle of aid . .
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the soil and said,``Can you -- you can imagine a city that doesn't be Newtonian? ''
I decided to 27 years just answering people, and I invented a system called Foundation Foundation, where you never start anything, you're never motivated to anyone, but it becomes a survivor of local passion, the feeling of local passion, the serious of the local passion who have the dream to become a better person.
So what do you do? You street.
You know a community with an idea, and it feels with the people in the location.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee . We met in a bar . .
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea to someone . .
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important.
And then we help them find knowledge, because no one in the world can be successful.
The person with the idea cannot have knowledge, , but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why don't we, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, we hear them? But not the communities.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
entrepreneurs never fit, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what you want to do with your own money, what opportunities have identified.
So the planning has this blind point.
The most intelligent people in their community, don't even know them, because they don't take their public meetings.
What do we do? We worked one, and we work face face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You should create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the family of the business of the business, which is established with you in your house, in your house, in your kitchen, in your kitchen, and helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way to make your passion.
I started this as a test in Spain, the city of Western Australia . .
I was doing a Ph.D. in the time, trying to get away from this consense coast where we get to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in march, and the government came to me to see,``How do you do that? ''
How can it do?"And I said,``I did something very, very difficult.
I'm going up and listen to you ."So the government says,``Hey, again ."We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped a 40,000 business.
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying from loneliness.
Peter Durint, one of the largest entrepreneurs of the story, it passed to 96, a a ago.
Peter Duris was a philosophy professor before we engage in business, and this is what Peter Derus says:``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy . ''
The planning is the kiss of the business spirit . .
So now you're going to show Christian without knowing what the most astronauts in Chicago want to do with your own money and your own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people going to connect with you.
You have to offer meaning, privacy, it has to be fantastic to help you, and then you'll go on, you'll come in masse.
In a community of 10,000 people, we get 200 customers . .
Can you imagine a community of 400 people, intelligence and passion?
What you're going to do . You've applied more this morning?
People are passionate . That's what you have clapping.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneur spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial fossil fossil fossil fossil fossils, manufacturing -- and a moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we have to consider, it's how we are born, we cure, we educate, we communicate, we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable form.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who's going to invent technology for green revolution? universities? Forget it!
Government? Forget it!
They're entrepreneurs and they're doing now.
There's a associated story that was in a future magazine, many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1800s . .
And in the year 1800s, it came up with this group of people, and I'm hoping about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was one: New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve, and they sit, if the population gets growing to this rate, to bring to the population of New York at the around, would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to tackle.
They were already sent in manure . so, in 1986, they were designing this dirty technology that would use New York City.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, in the United States, in the United States, in the United States, in the United States.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there was very few, scale, factories in the side.
Dear, Michigan . .
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer meaning.
Otherwise, you're not going to go to you.
Then you have to offer them a absolute, dedicated service.
And, of course, you will have to tell you the truth with this to understand.
The smaller company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things: the product that you wish to sell has to be fantastic, you have to tell you with a marketing, , and you have to tell you with a fantastic administration, and you have to count with a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, selling and look at the money alone . .
There is no.
This hasn't been born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 companies of the World Carenon, Western, Edison, Ford, all new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There is only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common, just one: No one was started by one person.
Just the word``I"but the word``us"-- 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started . .
Nobody starts a company just . No one.
So, we can create the community where we have failures, who come from a, who come from a small business of a little business sitting in cartoons, in bars, in bars, and they would do for you, what someone made by this gentleman who talks to this approach, someone who's made by this gentleman .?
What can you do? Can you do it? .?
Well, you can sell? Can you look for the money? ''
\" Oh, I can't do that ."`` Would I want to look at someone? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Who surrounded us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
Over the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools as automobiles, plants and chalk . .
These projects came out of questions like: how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we present and ask more things without calling the door in a .?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understanding better our landscape?
How do we share more of our hopes in the empty shops so that our communities can reflect today and dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm trained from New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give you loved to lovers, backgrounds and deaf from making centuries and trust in a city . .
There is a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the highest amount of abandoned properties in America.
I live near this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009 I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan, a mother for me.
His death was represented and unexpected . .
I thought a lot in death.
And this made me a profound gratitude for the living time.
He gave it clarity to the significant things of my life.
But I'm going to keep this look at my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to stop on the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with old friends, and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant blackboard and painted on her phrases to complete,``Before I want...''
So, the temptation could take a chalk, reflecting about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what this experiment is, but the next day the wall was replicated and followed.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote in the wall.
\" Before you die I want to be playing by the park ."`` Before you die I want to sit into the line of the change . ''
\" Before I want to sing for millions of people . ''
\" Before I want to plant a tree . ''
\" Before I want to live outside the network . ''
\" Before I want to hug it again . ''
\" Before I want to go to the rescue of someone . ''
\" Before I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space was built, and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh to cards, they were fired, and they gave me a lot of hard moments.
It's about knowing that you're not just ., it's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and slaves . It's about giving the reflection and the conflict, and to remember what's most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues of the civic center, we made a kit, and now they've made walls in countries around the world, like Katerbands, Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we proved the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of discussions in increasing, it's more important than ever, to find the ways to build the perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate . .
Death is something that we often have to talk about, or even think, but I understood that you will prepare for death is one of those things that trust us.
Think of the climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as a community and with more media to share hope, fears and stories, people who surrounds us not only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single petition today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
I would like to introduce my brothers.
I was 22 years old, it's high and a little bit.
It doesn't talk, , but it makes joy better than some of the best speakers.
And he was knows what love is.
I'm going to share it, it's going to share what happens.
It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about religious differences, and you're standing on this: Never mentioned.
When I sing songs of our childhood, trying to make words that I can't even remember, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown . .
Samuel is 16 years old . It's high . It's very handsome.
It puts the most complicated memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I didn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year I came up with each of the songs of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, my arm in the first episode of Texas and the birthday of Lady Gaga.
Don't you seem amazing??
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because your minds don't fit the concept of the notion of society, often they are ignored and flooding.
But what I moved to my heart and my soul was that even if that was, the case, even if you're not going to consider it inside the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary -- cars and extraordinary . .
Now, for those less familiar with the term``autism ,"it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In every individual, it's manifest in different ways, and it's so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, it's diagnosed a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that faster increases in the world, there is no cause or cure.
I don't agree about my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I had only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When I was spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
I grew a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and, in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
I was living in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smaller things, , like putting the cars around the room, look at the washing and eat anything that would be between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and differences became more evident.
But beyond the neighborhoods, frustration and international hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a and innocent, a kid who sees the world without prejudice, a who had never mentioned.
Extraordinary . .
I can't deny that there's been some difficult moments in my family, moments that I would have wish they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about inequality, communication and love, and I realize that these are things that I don't want to change for normality . .
The normality happens by high beauty that makes us differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It only means there's a different vision of what's right.
If I could convey a single thing to R and Sam and you, it would be they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary . .
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have -- they're a gift! Each of us has a gift in their inner, and, certainly, the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for great, the progress and change dies at the moment where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what it must have been Alice in the country of wonders.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a to evidence students.
I was scared . -- scared out of these students with their great minds, their great books and their great words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when I fell through the body's hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with students ., they surprised the ideas that had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We need desperately a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are killing our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and care of health, between others, , if we don't understand this, , and we don't understand this, and I think it's our responsibilities as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these great conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, holes with simplicity.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to ensure that you can see that your science is sexy, and that your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer: and then what??
Tell you why science is relevant for us.
They don't tell us simply to study the tragedies, the students study, which are the state structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the oysters.
And when you're describing your science, your own care.
The jargon is a obstacle for our ideas.
Sure, you can say``Space and temporary ,"but why not say``space and time ,"which is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing to make them stupid . .
Contrary, as Einstein said, it's just as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can communicate clearly their science without buying ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies . They're ways to fit and enthusiasm with their content.
And when you present your work, forget from``bullets . ''
You've wondered why you call``bullets"? What do the bullets do? The bullets kill, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, , but it's going too much on the area of our brain and overwhelmed.
Instead, this film of General Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the creatures is so strong that really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase, legislation, that the audience can understand if it loses a, , and, in the point, providing graphs that are affecting our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what's described.
I think these are just some key keys that can help that we open the door and look at the country of the wonders that is science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for all the media, linked with simplicity . Thank you.
One of my favorite words in the entire Oxford English School is``use . ''
Just because it sounds very well.
And``use"means``devil politician . ''
Even though there was a medical editor of the 19th century that defines a lot better when he said,``A studies"is where I said,``A studies"is where I look for a, no matter, platform or principle, and that, when I win, , it's going to be the use of the use of a male green monument
I have no idea what it means``photography . ''
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are in politics, and that all the politicians know you have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until, , for example , 1777 that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the words that they said in the parliament chamber.
And all this was thanks to the value of a guy with the name of Brazil Cross, who confronted to Parliament.
They sat on the London tower, and they were incarcerated, but it had enough willingness to face them, , at the end, he had a popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later we had the first record of the phrase,``That's the brand"-- strong as the metal.
Most people think it's literal.
It's not . It's a defense of the expression of expression.
But to show you how words and politics interact, I want to go back to America, just after the independence.
So, they had to tackle the question of how to call George Washington, their leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a country?
This was debating in Congress for a.
The whole kind of suggestions that could have failed.
Some of you wanted to call it``Jeffer of State Washington ,"and others,``Your Art George Washington ,"and other``Desert of the U.S. World Children . ''
Not very close.
Some of you just wanted to call``King . ''
They thought it was quality.
And not even with it were a money, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a . . . . . . .
And it could have served.
All the world is immensely married, because this debate was introduced for three weeks.
I read a little bit of a child, and I always wrote,``I still write with this issue . ''
What I came up with, and it was that the representatives chamber was against the Senate.
The representatives chamber didn't want Washington to make power.
They didn't want to call it King for if he was going to him or his solution.
So, they wanted to give you the more modest, , more insignificant, and more increasingly, it happened.
And that title was``president . ''
President . I didn't invent the title . already, but it just means``someone who you press a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury . .
And I didn't have much bigger than the term``capacity"or``surface . ''
There were evidence evidence of small colonies and government failures, but it was really a insignificant title.
And so the Senate was used.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call President . ''
\" This guy has to form treated and meet with foreign diabetes . ''
\" And who will take it seriously with a very ridiculous title and insignificant as president in America? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't eat.
We can learn three interesting things from all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite until I've been able to find out, the Senate has never reflected the title of President.
President Barack Obama has lucky to follow there, hoping to the Senate between action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it's possible that we're going to look at 220 years later.
But the third thing that we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this I want to leave you, is that the U.S. TED title doesn't sound at absolutely so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads, the largest economy in the world and a floating of are and a flower, and so forth.
The reality, and the story has gone to the title of gravity.
So at the end, I won the Senate.
They got their responsibility title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, an appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a singularity for then.
But, you know how many nations have now?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has 500 nuclear heads, etc.
So at the end the Senate won and the Separato chamber lost, because no one is going to feel humility when they tell you that now is the United States President.
And I think that's the big lesson that we can learn, and I would like to leave you.
The politicians try to choose and use the words to make shape and control reality, but actually, the model reality much more than the words that they could change reality.
Thank you very much . .
I'm 45 to feet underground in a illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is charge of heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe . .
I feel the route of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that they talk, but, especially, that cooking of male tasks and stones with primitive tools.
As others, I take a cheap line of literally standard light on the head with this advance, and I can barely distinguish the branches that are holding the walls of that hole of a meter that falls hundreds of feet on the ground.
It was my hand and I suddenly remember a minute that I met days before, who lost the control, and there's lower meters in that piece.
As I talk to you today, these men are at the profound of that hole by adding their lives without paying nor reward and, often, dying . .
I went out of that hole, and I went home, but they might never do it, because they're prey from slavery.
Over the last 28 years I were documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the University of Valley.
And among all the amazing people I met there met an intervene of Freedom the Salan, an NGO that's devoted to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery, and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not to a degree.
When we finished talking to me, I felt very bad, I was scared to ignore this attraction of our days, and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He made me a standard, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the principal of the State and offering my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these sites.
Some, even, I consider my second home.
But this time, I'm looking at the dirty fields.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people in the world.
It's double the number of Africans displaced during the whole treatment of tropical slaves.
150 years ago the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a American worker.
The equivalent of a $50 thousand dollars.
However, today, you can slow up to the entire families for generations by the average debt of $18.
amazingly, slavery generates from more than $13 billion per year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to then find out that they're forced to work without paying, under a violence, and they can't escape.
Now the slavery works on the trade: goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are disposable.
The slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the bricks.
This bizarre, extraordinary, was like entering the ancient Egypt or the Inderest.
Imagine in an temperature of 24 C, men, women, children, in fact, in fact, in fact, the entire families wrapped in a heavy management of police policy in their heads, to 18 at the time, and they take them from the hormones in the trucks that are hundreds of feet.
Unfortunately, and the song work in silence, doing this task over and again for 16 17 hours a day.
There were no passengers to eat, not to drink, and the severe destruction made it to urine it outside.
So they were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to the touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to get it and, sitting there, I thought, ,, the camera is a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the hormones I wanted to cry, but the approach I was at my side quickly, and he said,``Listen, don't do it . Don't do it here . ''
And I explained very clearly to prove emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct aid.
I couldn't give money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a, which they were already.
I had to trust the Salan, and working inside the system for his release and trusted to get it.
So, I hope to get home to feel my heart disorder.
In the Himalayas, I found kids taking rocks for miles by mountains, so far to work down.
Those big blocks were more heavy than the kids that charges and children are holding them to their heads with cars made of sticks, ropes and hands.
It's hard to present something so overwhelming . .
How can we influence in something that's so passionate, but so ubiquitous?
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without paying because this has been like this whole life.
They have nothing to compare.
When these villages were missing their freedom, the slaves broke up their houses.
When I hear the word slavery we often think of sexual traffic, and because of this global awareness, I became a difficult to work with security in this particular business.
In Gateshead, as women who had been incredibly sexual slaves.
They moved to me for a few anecdotes that gave this basement, and he had fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a . .
It was rather a restaurant.
Researchering, as you know in the office, it's local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private, scalence women with their girls and children, some of the only seven years are forced to deliver the customers and to encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty, identified by a, in the wall and divided by a bomb and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse in their clients.
From foot in the painting, I, I remember having a fear old age, and, in that point, I could barely imagine what should be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be to be drawn in that hell . .
I just had a word: the stairs where I went.
There were no spiders.
There wasn't windows enough enough as to catch.
Those people don't have a parking, and because we have a very difficult subject, it's really important that slavery, even the sexual traffic, happens around us . .
There are hundreds of slavery people in agriculture, in restaurants, in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 children American children are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It's going on, but we don't see it.
Texas are another activity that we often relate to the slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were buried families in the trade of the silk.
This is a family portrait.
The black hands of black are the father, the blue tissues and red, of their children.
They mixed paintings in these big bars and survives the silk in the liquid to the elbow, , the ink is the ink is toxic . .
My interpret told me his stories.
\" We don't have freedom ,"they said.
\" We're still hoping, yet, I could go out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our work . ''
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in the Milky lake, the largest artificial lake of the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick view.
Did I see what seemed to be a fish family in a ship, two brothers, some more young kids, is not?
Wrong . They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their traditional families, disappeared and forced to work in the workers in these boats in the lake, despite not to swim.
This boy is eight years old . .
When our boat came out, I was shaking; it feared that his little canoe was estimated . .
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water . .
The branches branches in the supply test in the lake, they often attract networks and children, fatigue and with fear, they go to the water to unleash the branches.
Many people are drowning.
Since I remember, it has always been forced to work on the lake . .
For fear, it's not going to flee, and, like the whole life has been treated with cruelty, it comes to the most young slaves under their command . . .
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they launched the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
on the cold night and sales.
And it's going to signal that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're set of fish.
I want to introduce to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a fishermen village.
I met it in a of the sales of the sales of the slaves of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
It leads by a career in Ghana with partners of Earth, and a aspect of a aspect, a aspect of the set of supply accelerate and supporting our car, and I played the window.
He asked us to do it by a way of land to the forest . .
At the end of the road, I told us to go out of the car, and he asked the driver that would happen quickly.
Then I'm going to feel this series, and he said,``This is the path, this is the path . Come . ''
As we started to go down, we took the workers that would block the road and after walking about one hour, we found that the road was attached by the recent rains, , so I put the photos on my head as we get rid of these waters to the chest . .
After two hours of walking, the smile ended up openly in a clear, and we had a mass of the holes that could fit in a soccer field, and they were all full of slave workers.
Many women had kids tied to their backs, and while they were looking at gold, walked on water . .
The market is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in an other part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember that I looked at your eyes, wrong, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells have to 90 feet, and these people have heavy bags of stone that then they will be transported to another area where they're going to kill the gold to be able to extract the gold.
In the first sight, the site seems to be full, strong men, but if we look at more about it, we see to work to other less lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injuries, disease and violence . .
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up like this victim of tuberculosis and we sent by market in a few years.
This is Mania . when he died his father, I took it to work with him in the mines . .
By dying your uncle, Maniva inherited the debt of what forces it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, , I had worked in the 11 years and the injury of the leg you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said that it should be armed.
In addition to that, Tomorrow has tuberculosis, and it's not about that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Still, he dream with being liberated and education with local activists like Earth, and it's this kind of determination, in face of a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen for you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to have testimony of them, and we do all the possible to help change their lives.
I certainly think that if we can see each other as human beings, then it makes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines . They are people, real people, like you, and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in your lives.
There's no day that I don't think about these so many beautiful people, male, that I've had the great honor to know . .
I hope that these images are holding a force where you see them, in people like you, and I hope that force starts a fire and that fire light on slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in shadows.
Thank you very much . .
I'm doing mathematical math, and there's a peculiar problem for who it does: we are like genetic consequences.
Nobody knows what we do.
So I'm going to try and tell you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
They are telling us the virtues of the whale and the carbon dancers that we'll see more forward.
But the whale demands an extraordinary training degree, a high level of destruction and probably certain initial attitudes that well can have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, neural disorders like Parkinson's Parkinson destroy gradually this extraordinary ability, as I do with my friend Jane Striamia that, in his time, was a death . .
Over the last few years, it has been made a lot of treatment.
However, there are 2.3 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incredible weakness, letters, rigid and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to measure the progress in the way, and, in definition, the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have a cure to be when we have a target and close and close.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers, so they don't serve the blood analysis and the best that we have is a 200 minutes of 20 minutes.
You have to go a clinic to do it . It's very, very, very, very expensive, and that means that, outside the clinical trials, you never do . You've never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic ., what if patients could be able to do the test themselves?
You don't need personal . . ''
By the way, it costs about 300 in the neurological clinic.
So, what I want to show you as a nonprofit form to try, you see, in a certain sense at least, we're all virtual as my friend Jane Strandeam.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal ropes.
It shows someone healthy while it emits sound, and we can imagine as dancers of a, because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sound, and we all have the genes . The exploration, for instance.
And as the whale, it requires an extraordinary training level.
Let's think the time that leads to a child learning to talk.
From the sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate, and as Parkinson affects the limbs, also affect the vocal organs.
In the workplace, you can see an example of irrational fear of vocal ropes.
Let's see the same symptoms.
It's the vocal, weakness, rigid, rigid . .
The discourse becomes more quiet and scared after a while, this is an example of symptoms.
How do these tests compare in the voice with the specialized clinical trials? Well, both are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . both use the infrastructure.
It's not necessary to design a to do it . .
Both of them are accurate . Well, but also the tests in voice are not specialized . .
I mean, they can be self-organizing.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot . .
They're very minimal, and we all know what happens.
When you add a cost so low: it appears to massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to address.
We can reduce the logistics of patients.
It wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the routine of routine.
With high, we could get objective data.
We could make massive growth of low cost for clinical trials, and, for the first time, the factoricity crashes.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first membranes of disease before it's too late.
So, when I'm going to give you today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Gulf Vicit Initiative.
Along to Alex and Pathonian, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to tackle these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world . .
Anyone, without Parkinson, it can call low price and leaving recording for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, we say 10,000 people, you might say who's healthy and who?
What do you get from these samples?
Max Mitchell: Yes, . -- what happens is that during the call you have to indicate if you have or not the disease . TR: Of course.
BL: You see, some people cannot happen . You can don't end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of recorded data in different circumstances, doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for to look at the food factors in looking for the real markets of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this moment?
BL: Many more than that.
Actually, my student Tasking, I have to publish it, it has made a fantastic work, and now it's done that it works in the mobile phone network also, the project . now we have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Next and nine . Well ,.
BL: Of course . .
TR: Thank you very much . Life, Public . .
BL: Thank you, Tom . .
Before March of 2011, made photographs in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray . .
We hid in the dark, in some without windows, and, usually, we avoid sunlight.
We do to the thin devoted models, the perfect skin is still more perfect, we do the impossible, possible and criticize in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with many years of experience and a real liking for images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Quite time later, an organization where it was voluntary, Allandel Voles, it was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, together with hundreds of other volunteers, we knew that we couldn't be sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On the 13, I traveled to Oxford.
It's a small piece of fishermen located in the computer of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected the wave.
The record of the record water reached over 24 feet away and over three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the town was devastated . .
Let's take the scale from the channels and the carrot . .
Let's look at school . We take the side and let's leave the houses to be renewable and rehabilitation.
We take tons and tons of dead fish, death, except, power of local factory.
We were taught, and we loved.
For weeks, the volunteers like the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and cards . .
They all did the same thing.
Let's get them out and take them into different places of the people around to get them.
It wasn't until I realized that those photos represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had been suffering.
Whereas you heard the wave, to save your lives, you had to take out of all the things you had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help a center of the village.
He helped clean the common toilets, huge, giant girls.
This place turned out to be also the place of the town where the energy center recognizes the photos.
And they took them, and I had the honor that that day would be trusted in me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I transplant myself my horizons that happened.
By looking at the photos, I found some who had more than a hundred years ago, some were still in the lab in the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that risk and repair that rate and met hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night entered Facebook contact with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelmed and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started to collect the photos . .
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too scary, , where the water had declared the face of the girl, I had to go back with a lot of precision and depression . .
Otherwise, that girl would not have the aspect of her, and that would be so tragic as having the side photo.
With the time of time, they came up with a lot more pictures, and they needed more reporter, so I went back in Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people in 12 countries were offered to help.
I had 150 weeks, I had 150 people to join.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Richard, a . to the northern town.
Once we were using our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had installed, where people were going to recruit their photos.
The time you're going to take you is a different story, depending on the face of the photos.
I could tell an hour . I could take weeks.
I could tell months.
This guy had to draw virtually by hand, using the areas whose color and detail the water hadn't destroyed.
I took a.
The water destroyed all these pictures of submirs in saltwater, covered bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all over the time in the time, and the time, with the time of time.
We couldn't cut the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been recorded by their owner.
We had lucky with the phantom.
We count with the guide of a ancient neighbor.
It's very easy to harm, even more days.
As once once once he said World, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes . .
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky to the photos.
He had started to fight her, but he stopped to realize that she was even more.
I also had doubled . .
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild, we could put the images in a single picture and to collect the complete picture.
When I picked your photos shared something from your story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the photos in a bomb station between the business, so far where it used to be their house, , but their colleagues were recognized.
The day of tsunami, his husband was the engineering of closing the barriers to the wave.
I had to go inside of the water while the Iranians sound.
Their small kids, not so small, but their two children were in school, in different colleagues.
One of them was trapped in water.
He took a to find his family and knowing that everybody had survived.
The day I came up with his pictures, his little child was 14 years.
For her, , despite all this, those pictures were the best gift that I could do, something that he could go back to look at, something that he could remember from the past that I wouldn't have been made by that day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had been joined to there Hans hundreds of them helped us to clean more than 15,000 photographs, the great majority, the great majority of their owners, important.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us to get to 90 families hundreds of totally rescued pictures and relaxed.
During this time, we really don't spend more than $thousand dollars in teams and materials, most in ink for printers.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a picture of someone or something, a, , a relationship, somebody wanted.
They're guides of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take us, but the first thing we're going to go to look at.
This is what the project is, to restore small pieces of humanity, to get to someone your connection with the past.
When a picture like this becomes someone, it's a huge difference in the life of the person.
This project also made a big difference in the life of records.
Some of them connected them with something bigger, to move something, using their talent to something that don't be perfect skin models.
To end up, I'd like to read this electronic email . I sent him the day that I came back from Japan after six months.
While I turned out, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, as a, , I made me, because a, my mother, my mother, my daughter, my mother, a, my mother, a is the course of our wall.
In the entire world, all of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you . applause.
Doc Edistine inspired us, and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that attracted a apple in an exhibition of just a.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but to a trillion frames per second.
I'm presenting a new kind of photograph: photography, a new technique that can create videos in slow camera in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or look at the interior of the body without using X-rays, and they defy the idea of camera.
If I take a laser dot, and I turn it and put it into a simple of a second or it, in a second, and it's, in several seconds, to create a.
And that packet of photons, that bullet, travel to the speed of light, ,, again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If you take that bullet and this picture of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do those photons do inside this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow.
Now, all of this -- remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a second is a second, is what I finished in traveling light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola doesn't hold this research . -- they happen many things in this movie -- let this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, in the bottle with a package of photons that starts to get through it, and, within, it starts to disappear.
From light, it goes to the table, and we start to see these industries.
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode in several directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces in the interior.
In that time, waves traveled by the table, and because of the reflection of the top, it looks at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, that religions are concentrate . .
Now, if we take a common bullet, and we do that, and we get the same distance, and we see it in slow up to about 10 billion times, how much you think that would you take us to feel that movie?? ''
A day? A week? Actually, a year.
It would be a very boring movie of a sea.
And what about a dead nature?
You can see the waves that you would get out of the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond . .
It's the way nature painted a picture, I thought, a marketing at the time, but, of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at once this tomatoes, you'll realize that, as light comes out of the tomato, it keeps brilliant . It don't hide.
Why? Because the tomato is ripe, and the light bounce in your inner, and it's going to go back after several billion seconds.
In the future, when this female is in your mobile phones, you're going to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is ripe without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographers, you know, if you take a picture to low exhibition, it's very little light.
But we're going to get a billion times faster than the most short exhibition, so you'll just enter some light.
Let's handle that bullet, that package of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and again with a very short sync, we take those data giant, and we get it continuously to create those metrics that I showed them.
We can take all of those data in raw and process it very interesting.
They're supposed to fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a future, she would allow you to see the corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . Refent, entering the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
where we could extract those multiple light bottles.
It's not fiction fiction . We've already built it.
On the left, it's our marketing . .
Behind the wall there is a man, and we will bounce light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature communicating.
And a small fraction of the photons go back to the camera, but interestingly, in times.
And as we have a camera that works as fast, our feminist, has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporary solution, and it can look at the world to the speed of light . .
So, we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point is going to be a distance.
When I project a laser, you can record a picture of a, you see on the screen, it really doesn't have any sense.
But we'll take many images like this, tens of images, we will put them and try to analyze the multiple of light trees, and with that, we can see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before this of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's going to the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by the open windows.
Or we could build buildings able to look at the interior of the body by providing doctors, the same for the carbs.
But of course, because of the tissue and blood this is quite difficult, so this is actually a question to scientists to start thinking about the photography as a, as a new visualization of visualizing to solve the problems of images in health of the next generation.
So, like Doc Edistine, he was a scientist, I became an art science, an art of struggle photographs.
And I realized that all of the data of data that we collect, and they're not just for scientific visualizing, , we can.
It will create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves . You remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few million seconds.
But here also happens something funny.
If you look at the waves under the map, you get away from us . .
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we're recording almost to the speed of light, we have weird effects . to Einstein would have been delighted to see this image.
The order that the events occur in the world sometimes appears to the camera.
And applying the defining definition of space and time, we can correct this distortion.
It's time . Thank you . .
Hi . This is my mobile phone.
A mobile can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
A mobile can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile, you can record a song, put it to Stanford and make it famous . .
All this is possible with a mobile.
I'm a kid from 1984 and live in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment . .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people tried to look at a change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people who are sitting in looking for a change, they had a mobile in the pocket.
Who do you have a mobile here?
Raise them.
Raise their mobile phones .!
Leave them . A Black, a, water .!
It's a lot . Almost all today have a . .
But I'll talk about me, my mobile, and how life changed me.
I talk about this.
These are 35 8,000 lines of information.
Data in brutal.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006 the University of the E.U, I presented a principal.
The Distriction of Data Act.
This principal says that every European phone company, every single professor of the entire Europe, has to store a of the information of users . .
Who calls who . who send a email.
Who sent a text to who.
And if we use the mobile, where we are . .
All this information was stored for at least six months, and until two years, in your phone company or your Internet.
And in all Europe, people were flat and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this data.
We want the self-determination in the digital age, and we don't want to be like the phone and the Internet providers store all this information about us . .
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, all said, said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10 thousand people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said,``Freedom, no fear . ''
And some even said this would be the Stage 2.0.
The State was the secret police in Eastern Germany.
And I also asked if this works really.
Can you store all this information on us?
Every time I use mobile?
So I asked my phone, Secretary Telecont, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, I sent me all the information that I had about me.
I asked you once, and I went back to you, and I didn't have a . -- it was all blah, blah . .
But then I said,``I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to tell you a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Senter Telecont said no, we don't give you this information.
At the end, we looked at an agreement.
And they would get the demand, and they sent me the information that I could.
Meanwhile, the German constitution Amazon failed the institution for German's German law.
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD had this.
Three and five thousand people three lines of information.
At the beginning I saw and I said, well, it's a huge file . OK.
But after a while I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this file . .
It was a little bit skeptical: what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I'm, where I step at night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information.
I want to make public.
Because I want to show people what the data rate means.
So, along to Z Noise and Open Data, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can come up and go away, go back and go back.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Frank in the train to Colombia, and what I'm often calling in the trajectory . .
All this is possible with this information.
That's a little scared.
But it's not just me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then I call me some friends, and they call it between them.
And then you call the other, and the other one, and we ended up with this great network of communications.
You can see how their people communicate each other to what time they call each other, what time sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the form of your society, because you know who I talk to who, who, who, who gives you a email to who, all this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information was stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, had a mobile in the pocket . .
And the State had known who participate in this protest, and, if the State had known who the leaders were, this never had happened.
The front of the Berlin Wall may never have happened . .
And, in the conference, it's not the Earth's Court . .
Because today, the state agencies and companies want to store so much information of us as possible in and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But the self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight the self-determination.
You have to fight that to a daily.
When you go back home to tell your friends that privacy is a former 21st century, and it's not a fashion.
When you go home, you tell her representatives that only because companies and satellite agencies can store some information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't think, you ask your phone company, what information comes from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile mobile to remember that you have to fight the self-determination in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough . .
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
I call me Maybe Zadahi, and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor I brought to the world.
I cut my mother six times in six different directions, affecting the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain paralysis, so I've got brain paralysis.
Look at.
It's exhausted.
And Muhammad.
Dr. C. It's not genetics.
It's not contagious.
No one had the uterus of my mother, and I didn't catch it because my parents were prime brothers, even though they are.
It only happens for accidents, as I was born at birth.
Now, I warn it, , I'm not an inspiration . I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, , because at some point of life, they have been disabled.
Let's go out.
Christmas superide, they're in the commercial center, driving in circles to look at parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled . .
And you think,``God, can I be at least a little disabled? ''
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Dr. C. is just one of them.
So there's a chair of oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and live in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, you might do it.
I'm from Park Chicago, in New Jersey . .
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initial.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York, it could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the``can't . ''
The front of my father was,``You can . ''
If my three young sisters cleaned, I cleaned.
If my three young sisters went to public school, my parents dominated to the school system, and they would make sure that I would be, and if we didn't know all the very much, we all got the sneakers of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five, putting my heel in his feet and just walking.
Another technique that was used was to pick a dollar in front of me to do it.
The third thing I took in was very strong.
Yeah . The first day in the garden garden walked like a piece of bomb that has received a lot of hits.
By growing, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they follow being all of the family . I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians thought of using``hatred to Muslims ,"like campaign.
People who grew up didn't have a problem with my faith.
I didn't have a lot of a lot of people who died during the branch.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three other months without eating, so he's going to take the dawn to the lander is very easy.
dance on Broadway.
Yes, in Broadmoor . is, my parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with atoms, or I can walk with atoms.
I'm from New Jersey, , and there we want to be a kid, so if my friends used heels, I also.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vaccines in the coast of Jersey, I didn't.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we don't go back to Palestine all the summer, we would become Madonna.
In the summer vaccines in the summer, my father was trying to join me, so I drank milk milk, I had hot cups in the deck, I survived in the Sea Sea, and I remember that water burned me the eyes and I thought,``It works, it works! ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I do yoga, it was a team of the store that couldn't put on foot.
And I can hold in the head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General Hospital Telescope.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because I entered all the things.
It was like the marine threshold of theater department.
Everyone loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, , the top of my class, and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene of the crystal mail, my teachers crying . .
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Bayes very slow in Jackson . .
It's a girl of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I started to shout the four winds,``At the end I have a role!! ''
I have brain paralysis!
At the end! at the end . .!
Thank you to God all-powerful, at the end I'm free! ''
I didn't get the paper . They gave him to Sir Brown . .
I went to influence the principal of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask him why and she told me that because they believed it couldn't make the risk scenes.
And I said,``Excuse, if I can't do the risk scenes, it can't do the character . ''
It was a role for that it was literally born and they gave it to an actor without brain paralysis.
university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a story of adding actors without disability for disabled papers.
When I graduated, I came back to home, and my first actor was like a telescope in a . .
My dream was reality.
And I knew that it would be a``compare"to``behavior"to``better friend"in a basement.
Instead, I was there like a, I didn't see me more than the universe, it was evidence for me that the repair directors didn't be controlled, not white attitudes, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule . .
I grew up looking at Whole Goldberg, Rose Bart, Ellen, Element, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedy . .
So I made me humor.
In my first tour, I took famous cartoons from New York at New Jersey, and I'll never forget the face of the first comic that I took when I fell on the account that I was at high speed by the New Jersey freeway with a New with a . .
I worked in clubs all the United States, and also in Arabic in the next East, without censorship and no watch.
Some people say I'm the first organization of the Arab world.
I never like to recruit the first place, but I know you never heard that little nasty rumor that it says that women are not fun, , and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Obvoice, and I launched the Fey of the New York Civilization in New York, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Americans in the media media, and at the time to remind them to the performance directors, and Arabic are not synonymous.
To integrate the Arab was much easier than fighting the challenge of the disability of disability.
My big opportunity came in 2010 . .
I was like invited to the news of news, because of the cable of news news.
And I came to a graduate dance, I got dragged to a and sat on a wheelchair . .
I looked at the principal and I said,``Excuse, can you give another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two . ''
And we were living!
So I wake up to the front desk to not go out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end, I had my opportunity, and I did it . I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Waves came back to inviting me, , I, but I was like a complete time, and I paid my chair . .
Something funny that I learned in direct with Keith Dolphilade was that people in the Internet are hidden.
It says that children are cruel, , but they never died from me not a.
Suddenly, my disability in the Internet became a bubble object.
I see clips on the line with comments like,``Why do it assemble? ''
\" Is it relaxed? ''
And my favorite: poor terrorist.
What disease has?
We really should go through it . . ''
A comment suggested even that I would add my disability to my rsum: quarter, comedian, parallel.
The disability is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair can't do in Beijing, then Benki can't make someone in wheelchair.
Designers are the -- yes, clapping, man . Come . .
The disabled minority is the largest minority in the world, and the most advertised minority in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said it wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I've grown up with communications, I don't think it was.
I hope we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make less hate in the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our kids.
My translator has led me to very spectacular places.
I was going to walk through the red carpet, floating by the delivery of the telescopes Susan Luck and the Nelson London Albert.
I got to act in a movie with Adam Sarah and working with my grief, the incredible Dave Matthew.
I remember the world by saying``Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was developed by the great state of New Jersey in the 2008.
And I went``Children' children ,"a baby organization to give kids refugees a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me to act in alive, and I hate this talk to his memory . .
( display in peace . .
I call me Maybe Zadahi, and if I can, you can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a, a small town.
I don't know your name, , but I know your story . .
I live in a small town to the South of Somalia.
This village is about Mogadishu . .
The seamer drives the small town to poverty and the edge of the initiative.
However, it goes to the big city, in this case, Mosquit, the capital capital . .
When it comes there, there's no opportunity, there's no work, no work, no future.
He's just living in a tent in the city to the outskirts of Mosquit . .
After maybe one year, nothing.
A day is a gentleman who offers to take it to lunch, then to dinner, then to dinner.
It knows a drug group of people, which gives you a shock . .
It takes a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to her family . .
You present a young.
It finally goes home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mologram, under a, a, a, a . .
That little girl of the little town with dreams of the big care was the suicide territory, that dynamic group of people were to the Shabaab, a connected with the Qaeda . .
So, how do the story of a little girl trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end up with him uncomfortable?
He was waiting.
I was hoping an opportunity, , hoping to start to start to start to start to start to start a future perspective, and this was the first thing that he came.
This was the first thing that we call the``the period of hope . ''
And your story is repeated in urban centers around the world . .
It's the history of the marginalized, young urban urban urban users that will be designed in Johannesburg, and they're going to have distributed riots in London, who look at something else from the``waiting period . ''
For young people, the problem of the city, the big dream of the city is the opportunity of opportunity, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth, which suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three of every five people who live in cities are less than 18 years.
If we don't include the young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of the experience of hope, the power of access to terrorism, to violence, to the pill, to be the history of the cities 2.0.
And in my city, Mosquit , 70 percent of the young people is unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, not go to school.
They don't have virtually nothing . .
I went back to Molarian last month, and I went to visit the Maddin Hospital, the hospital where I was born . .
I remember to be that hospital accurated to bullets thinking: And if I never ever come?
What if I had been forced to be in that same``hope of hope? ''
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Mozart that month was actually to fit a few young leaders in a business . .
He went to about 90 young girls.
We sat and we had an idea of ideas about solutions to the big challenges that face the city.
One of the young people in the room was OK.
He was at Mom University, he graduated.
No work, no opportunities.
I remember when he said, because I was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
They're looking at people like it . . .
But this story takes a different way.
In Mogadishu, the biggest obstacle to get from the dot to the B the streets.
According to civil war, they have completely destroyed the wind system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize.
You've seen an opportunity, and you take it.
It started a motorcycle company . .
It started blocking motorcycle to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the aid of your family and friends, your dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motors over the next three years.
Why is this story different??
What do it do to this story different?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the end of waiting.
Force the young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who went to one of my meetings, Mohamed Modly, a . .
I was helping to train some of the young people in the business of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first formula that Mozart has seen in over 22 years ago, and so far, , until Mohamed arrived, if you wanted flowers for your wedding, , used plastic plastic from the foreigner . .
If you ask someone, ,``When was the last time you see fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a landscape of landscape and flower design.
I created a farm at the outside of Moshiane, and he started to grow stuff and light, who said, could survive the climate owner of Mosquit.
And it started the fire of flowers for weddings, creating gardens in the houses, and the companies of the city, now, and now it's working in the creation of the first public park of Mosquit in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mosquit . .
It wants to create a where families, young people, can go together, and, as he says, smell, I smell the failures.
By the way, he doesn't grow a lot because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is inspire young people, and in that room, the Movember's presence had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a . .
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for the government, but their story, their innovation, actually had a impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, which might be the change of change.
For the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges that face the city.
They introduced business solutions for local problems.
So inspired young people and create a computer spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas.
They need experience and orientation to get them in development and put on their business.
They connect the young ones with the resources that need, bringing them the support they need to go from conception to creation, and they will create cartoons for urban growth.
For me, the business spirit is something else to start a business.
It's create a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope . .
His Peace Park, this is how calling it, when it's called, to transform the way people see their city.
You've got kids on the street to help you rent rent to rent to rent to rent to rent to rent to you.
I gave them the opportunity to escape from the paralysis of the waiting period.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: they become the young ones in entrepreneurs, income and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of the peace that cars and``special period . ''
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to walk with my dad in the Adamin mountains, an area on the North York state.
It was a.
The central forest.
The sun made the leaves are going to shine like a glass, and not to be the way that we are, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings in spite that land.
We get to our campaign.
It was a conference in a with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the coverage there was a trash, of about four square feet with powerful apple standards of aluminum paper, and old card.
And I was angry, was very angry and incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy as to take out what they had tried, who thought he was going to clean their trash?
That question followed with me, and it feels a little bit.
Who clean our trash?
Don't matter as a organization or where you put the``our"who clean our trash in Istanbul?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or London?
So here in New York, the Samamatical Department of our trash, to the reason of 11 tons of waste and two tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and truck by their trajectories and interviewed people in offices and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an illustration.
I needed to get more . .
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks . . . .
And I knew the mechanical steps and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask the smell.
It's there, but it's not as productive as you think, , in the days that it's very strong, you're very strong . .
It costs a lot of using the weight.
I met people who had worked in it for several years, and their bodies are going to get on the weight to take on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Office of Laboratory statistics, the research collection is one of the 10 most dangerous ideas of the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and focusing on the traffic all day, and you go down to your around.
You just want to go, ,, so in general the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for work.
And also the trash is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and provide terrible damage.
I also learned about the garbage.
When you go out of the fourth, you see a city from the road of the truck, you can understand that the trash is like a force of nature itself.
I never stop coming.
It's also a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in movement.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I think that the waste revolution is the most important work in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They are the first public health practices.
If you don't get rid of the waste of efficient and effective, every day, this starts to take rid of your contracts and your offenders are threatened in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start to harm.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for the new, so the motors of the economy start to fail when it's in danger . .
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just just the relationship.
And then it's what I call our average average speed . .
I mean, just to the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry, we wouldn't repair, let's clean or take us out of our coffee, our bag of coffee, our bags, our water bottle.
We use them, we take them, we forget them, because we know that there's a job force in the other side that will get out of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about the research collection that may help reduce the stigma and include it in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His work, I think, is almost literary.
They're on the street every day, a rhythmic.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know how to wait.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a . .
The flow that keeps us out of ourselves, from our own waste, our waste, our waste, and that flow should always stay in a form or another.
A day after 9/11 September in 2001, I listened to the degree of a revolution truck on the street, I to take my little son and went down the stairs running, and there was a man doing his paper of paper of paper as I did all the minerals.
And I tried to thank you to make her work in particular, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just, and he said,``Let's be OK.
Let's be OK . ''
Shortly after that started to investigate the research collection and I went back to that man.
It's called Paul, work together many times, and we made a good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
Let's be good.
But in our efforts to reconcile the way we exist in this planet as we have to include and have in account every cost, even the very real human cost of the work.
Women waste, what we think when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the number of waste in the nation.
It's a remarkable statistic.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next thing you see someone whose work is to clean the trash of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you so much.
My work focused on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born by the conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this . .
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different animals from different perspectives become a essential part of the work of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in Ethiopia's capital, Ages . .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as instance, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was,``I want to go back . ''
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very big stores where people can't give the luxury to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the feedback with crystal generates heat in the interior, so it's need a lot of cooling.
In a city that this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees during the year.
And thirdly, it has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a final place of a very rich place in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I really really married with the ancient market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, they go and buy things every day to small marketers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a building modern, many steps, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by installing the site, which is located in a lot of growth of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, they don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was a connection between these two streets, using all the entries of the building.
And this is expanding with an extra air that creates a space in the free air in the building that was authorized, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I went to think about a similar tissue to an ant of an ant of an ant to allow the air of air, and also light, but in a filter way.
Then we inspired in these beautiful buttons of the events.
They have the properties of the fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these little pieces of preference, which are the windows that leave the air and light in a way controlled in the building.
This is completely composed with these little colors of colors that use the light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, I didn't use the developers, because they thought,``That's not a commercial center . It wasn't what we asked . ''
But in fact, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center, because in the end there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic, not just because of the material in comparison with the glass, but also because it was no longer necessary air.
So we got certain savings in the budget we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to do the energy of energy for the building in a city where electricity becomes almost every day.
So we got a great advantage by putting photographs on the roof . .
And then under those panels, we think of the roof as a and a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that create this urban oasis.
And these doors in the roof, put water for the sanitation of the interior.
It's expected for early the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a teacher plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia . .
And to make a very big project, the biggest thing that I have designed, needed not only understanding the city of Tunisia, but also your environment, your tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I put special attention in the middle, a thousand years of an ancient age that was surrounded by a wall with two oil doors of access to the lines almost straight.
When I went to the place, the first design operation that we did was to expand the streets, creating 12 initial blocks in size and characteristics that there is in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the intellectual doors with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think on the cell, the small cell of the project, the apartment, as a of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's north, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and so a natural ventilation.
So we put a scheme that makes sure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks blocks, and then in the low plant we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that are going to establish a greater density in higher levels and a in the low plant.
And I also preferred this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to go to the community of the space of the construction.
It's where all of the neighbors, you can go up and sacrifice, and make activities as running a two miles a morning, or jump out of a building to another.
These two examples, they have common approach in the design process.
And also, they're emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in the lives of people changes communities and local economies at the same rate that grow buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple solutions, but affordable, that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much . .
When I was eight, a new girl came to our class . It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
I had big amounts of very brilliant hair, and a small student of pencils, lines . was very strong for the capitals of states, very good for orgasm.
I finished that year and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my own plan.
One day I got a time after the exit of school . It was a little late, and I hid in the bathroom of girls.
When the coast was left, went out, I went on the classroom, I took the table of my teacher, the book of calcious.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival, just a, just a little bit . . ''
All of this . and I went to fire the book to the box, , but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes too.
So, in a brakes, I cut the notes around the world, no imagination.
I put them all the rows of me and myself a, , just to be there, I could ...
I'm still surprised what I did . .
I don't understand how the idea emerged.
I don't understand why I felt good.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I never caught me.
It was that it was absolutely obvious.
Never discovered me.
But on all, I'm reminded the reason I moved to this little girl, so small, it was so good for orgasm.
I'm interested in the cells . .
They're so mysterious and so forth.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
Also primates . The blue birds are very likely.
We know that cells are the number of the number of commercial killings in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness, or the long duration or sadness.
And so, you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the lab in which the cells are studied in all their possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy, there would be no literature.
I wouldn't have Helvetica, I wouldn't have``Odysseus . ''
I would have no cell king, not``A thousand and a night . ''
There was no Shakespeare.
They would disappear the lessons of reading school, because we would be losing``The noise and the Foundation ,"there would be no``Gate"or``Field ."We lost``Lady Morge"and``Anna K . . . ''
Without jealousy, there's no Prozac . I know that he's a has the answers for everything, ,, , in terms of the cells, almost that has all.
This year, you take 100 years of your work,``In looking at the lost time ,"the most successful study of sexual skies and also from the ordinary competition, mine, and it, all that we could have, and thinking of Prototype, we have the simple details, right?
We think of a kid trying to cook the dream.
We think of a magic magic in tea.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget what implants is.
I mean, it's about books that Virgin Wolfram said were as hard as a . .
I don't know what the cat lump is, but we know that it's super.
Let's look at what they're so well together, the novel and the cells and the cells.
Is it very obvious, like the cells, who reduce the person, to their desire, to their taxes, are a, right?
I don't know that we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealousy, we tell us a.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
It's being the narrative and audience, we know exactly what details to include, the knife, right?
The skies do to all amateur novels, and that's something that proved understood.
All that she does to give me pleasure, I could give you pleasure to another, maybe right now . ''
And it starts to tell itself that story, , then, and then, it says that every fresh love, standard, and it puts it into his lover, and it adds to his transplant instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Evan and Prego, they were totally celestial . .
You know, I've got to abandon the country, if you wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so quiet to recognize that it's a tough work .?"Right?
The skies are exhausted.
It's an hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And how are the skies?
The skies are born from information . .
The skies use the details.
The skies like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small little pencils.
The skies are nutrient from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful . Protein, well, the language attached to the skies.
When Ivan is your skies, you're looking at behind the doors and bribes to the survivors of your lover, then define those behaviors.
He says,``Look, I know you think this is repeat, but it's not different to the interpretation of an ancient text or to look at a monument . ''
He says,``They're scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Soon, it's trying to prove that the cells are smart, and they make us look like absurd, but in your hair, ,, ,, in your mind, the truth, a, a painful truth . In fact, to what you do, the more painful, the more painful.
The pain, humiliation, the loss: These were the going to the Program wisdom.
He says, said,``A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, it causes us a range of, much more profound, vital and vital feelings than a man that can interest us . ''
Are we telling us to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that cells will reveal us.
And there's some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion to bring us our aggression, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Does any other emotion that taught us to look with that peculiar intensity?
Freud writing about this more ahead.
One day, Freud was visited by a young young income that's consumed with the idea that his wife would get it.
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man, didn't look at what his wife did . .
And she was innocent; she knew it.
The poor creature was low enough without any cause.
But he looked at things that did his wife, without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Do you sound too much? Or do you accidentally run with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the exact of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good in this . .
The novels describes very well how the cells are doing to look with intensity but without accuracy.
In fact, the more intensely celebrated we are, the more we become resistant.
And because of this reason, I think, the cells take us to make violent acts or illegal . .
The cells are pushing us to behave with totally unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about the age of eight years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A woman from 1987 , 52 years old was captured by having created a Facebook in Facebook since the living messages, the horrible messages themselves, for a year.
For a year . .
She was trying to include the new girlfriend of his boyfriend . I have to confess that when or this, reaction to admire.
Because, we're realistic.
What huge, although unfortunately, creativity . Right?
It's kind of novel.
Like a Magic Partines novel.
Mike is one of my favorites . .
She's a very bizarre, brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of``Strange"and``The talented Mr. Richard"and``The talented Mr. Richard"-- books that are about how cells, confused our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the kingdom of the cells, the membrane that would separate what could be, can be lost in an instant.
Let's take Tom Raleigh, his most famous character.
I took Rick Richard, or want to want what you're going to embrace from your self and put out of what you've ever got, and it's under the floor . It responds to your name, you take your rings, take your rings, take your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Tom Raleigh route.
I can't give you all the world, so much as sometimes I want.
It's a pity, because we live in envy times.
We live in cells.
I mean, we are good citizens of social networks, where the currency is envy? Right?
The novels show us? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters are always doing when they're not safe, when they're a mystery.
We go to the 2012 of Baker Street, and we asked by Hyperscore Hollywood . .
When people think in Hollywood, I think in the curse of the model in the Mozart Professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always lost [unclear] Lester.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Lesterland needs his aid, , but the result, and bubble in the side of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in``The University of the Six Nations ,"once Hollywood goes on, it discovered all with his solution, Lesterland back to Hollywood and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Hollywood.
We are proud of you . ''
And it tells you that there's no person at Sepace Harvie who didn't want to harvest your hand . .
It's one of the few times we see Hollywood transplanted in history . That seems very emotional . That scene also is mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells like a geometry of geometry, no emotion . .
You know, in a Hollywood, you know, in a Hollywood's side of Lesterland.
The next minute are the same side.
Suddenly, Lesterland is allowed to admire that idea of being it.
Could it be so simple?
What if cells are really a geometry of geometry, just a question where we allow us to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to tell you from the excellence of the other.
We can encourage with it.
But I like the plans of consciousness.
So as we hope that happens, we remember that we have the fiction to connect.
Only that fiction is the skies.
The fiction used the domestic, invited the table.
And look at what I add: the Leader Laure, the lander Tom Richard, the South Staria, the Middle March Project . .
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Blue Aldrin jumped out of the lung cord of Apollo 11 and discovered on the Sea of the Tradition . .
Armstrong and Arduino were alone, , but his presence in the moon surface, was the curriculum of a collective process.
The Apollo program was most of the peace in the history of the United States.
To get the moon, NASA spends about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work about 4,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and agencies agencies.
People died, including the Apollo one.
But before the final Apollo program, extended , 24 men traveled to the moon.
She was walking on his surface, which Arduino after the developing death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest.
So why were they?
They didn't have a lot of back : 38 pounds of old rocks, , and something that 24 will emphasize later, a and the fragility of our common home.
Why were it? The cancer answer is that they were because the Kennedy president wanted to prove the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets . .
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 gives us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some ask, , why the moon?
Why would it turn it in our target?
And they could also ask, why scale the highest mountain?
35 years ago, why fly about Atlantic?
Why do it play Rice against Texas?
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and doing other things, not because they're simple, , but because they're difficult.
Jason Point: For the contemporaries, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the Cold War . .
In the time, the most strong emotion was to wonder in the transformation of the technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do it . .
The landing in the moon happened in a context of a technology . .
The first half of the 20th century produces the line of assembly and airplane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In half the century, it would be eradicated, and light is eliminated.
The technology seemed to be able to put what Alexander Eiffel was called``acceleration force . ''
For most of the history of humanity, , we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with candle, but in 1969, the population of Apollo 10 fly to 40,000 miles.
Since 1970, no human being brought to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the population of Apollo 10, and the agenda of optimism about the power of technology has been trained by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology will solve as to go to Mars, create a, to cure the cancer, or feed the world, or feed the world.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I don't look at the state of escape, called the Catholic Hello.
I knew that this would be the last moon mission, but I was completely sure that I would see the colonies in Mars.
So that's``something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology ,"has become a common place.
We heard all the time.
We've heard for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like technologies had been distracted, and they have been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, accelerations that accelerate the automated window.
There's nothing bad in most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity . .
What happened?
There's a paralyzed explanation in Silicon Valley, who trusted that they've created less ambitious companies than those years where Intel, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are guilty, in concrete, the incentives that the risk capitalists offer the entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment comes to change the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were in their logical point without worrying about the risk, they preferred small investments, mining in those who could go out in 10 years.
The CRP, have always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies as energy, who need a, and that development is long-term, and they've never invested in developing technologies to solve great problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a . .
But to go to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth . .
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the world's global energy consumption of renewable energy as sunlight, wind and biofuels, less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
The coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar energy and wind, and oil is cheaper than biofuels.
We have alternative energy sources that can compete in prices . You don't exist.
Now, technologies, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what politics and treated international treated to develop the development of an alternative energy: mostly, a significant increase in the research and energy development, and some kind of control of coal prices.
But there's no hope in the political climate that we'll see an energy policy in the United States or treated international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that look like technology, they're not going to be.
We know from the time that animals are a result of the failure of food.
But 30 years of research has taught us that hunger are political crisis that affect the food distribution.
Technology can improve things like the harvest or systems for lunch and food, but there will be hungry while there were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes lead a solution because we don't understand the problem.
The Nixon president declared the war to cancer in 1968, but we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some technically resistant cancer, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective treatment and viable treatments.
The difficult problems are difficult . .
It's not true we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can, and we have, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and the population must want to fix the problem; institutions should support the solution; it must be really about a technological problem; we have to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems, with those criteria.
But it's a profound model in the future . .
We're not in 1969 . .
There's no paradigm competition like the Cold War, there is no a politician like John Kennedy who makes it hard, and the dangerous, and there's no popular mythology of science as an exploring solar system.
In general, going to the moon, it turned out to be simple.
It was only three days.
And I wasn't even solving any problem.
We are alone in our present, the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get.
God knows that we don't miss the challenges.
Thank you very much . .
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, , and I'm going to start remembering the ideas that are going to be about trust.
They're so common that they have become clicks of our society.
I think they're three . .
The first one is a recipe: there has been a huge decrease of trust, it is a.
The second is a goal: we should have more trust.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think that we recruit, the goal and the task has been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recipe, a and a task, a task, which I think gives you a more clear idea about the subject . .
First of the record: Why do people think that trust has decreased?
And if I think I think about my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I urge me to think that it can have decreased in some activities or institutions and that could have risen in other.
I don't have clear.
But I can go to the views of opinion, and the opinion surveys are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the views of opinion over time, there aren't many evidence of it . .
I mean, the people who were made 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, they continue to inspire the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago, they're pretty reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest are in the middle, and, by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half the way.
But is this evidence enough?
What the surveys of opinion works are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you're looking at is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they're doing certain questions.
Do you trust the politicians? Trust in teachers?
Now, if somebody would ask you,``Do you trust?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust on the primary teachers? ''
You probably started to ask,``To do what? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you've answered your question,``Well, trust in some, but in others . ''
Which is very rational.
In definition, in the real life, we tend to deploy the trust in a difference.
We don't know that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a determined kind of official, working or kind of person, it will be uniform in all cases.
I could, for instance, to say that I trust in a certain master, I know to give the kind of reading, but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my friend more crazy to keep a, , but it doesn't, maybe to get a secret.
Simple.
And if we have those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in the most abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to get the good amount of distribution in fact to trust in something or somewhere.
Second, what about the target?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I'm going to do.
I would be able to have more trust in which it is trust, but not what it's not.
In definition, I'm a chance to not trust what it's not reliable.
And I think those people who are dependent in their savings with the very closely called Mr. Madoff, who came out with them, I, I, I think, well, they were too confused.
Having more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
The depression of depression or negative with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you say, it says, yes, it's worth, that means that what matters in first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about doing is to make a judgment about how trustworthy people are in sports.
And I think that to be able to make a judgment, we're forced to focus on three things . .
Are you competent? Are you responsible? Are you responsible??
And if we found that one person is the permanent materials, , and it's responsible and honest, then we have a very good reason to trust in it, because it's going to be a confidence of trust.
But if, in the opposite, not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a to the mail, because they're forgotten . .
I have friends that are very sure that you can do certain things, but I see that you hold your own competition.
And I'm glad a lot to say that I think I don't have many friends that are competent and responsible, but extremely destructions.
If it's, I'm still not lost.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before trust.
trust is the answer.
trustworthiness is what we have to judge.
And, of course, it's hard . .
In the last decades, , we've tried to build research systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should . .
I remember once I was talking to a part and said,``Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative role that you're going to make the part of the side . ''
And we found the same problem in all our public life, institutions, that the accountability system that's destined to guarantee the trustworthiness and the probability tests, actually, is doing the opposite.
What they do is to figure out the work of the people who have to make hard tasks, like the parts, exists that``Make the calories"as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All, all that, by the target.
I think that the goal should be more trustworthiness, and that things would be different if we're trying to be worthy of trust, and we transmit the people that we are trusted, and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy diabetes.
It's not easy . It's the judgment, the simple actions, attitudes, what's not done properly.
Third, the task.
I call the task to rebuild trust, put things to the back.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves . .
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because we have other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you . .
You have to give you enough foundations so you can trust you.
You have to be trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't get it, usually, all the people, all the time.
But you also have to be able to support fish evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do we do it??
That's going to daily, everywhere, it makes the common people, the officials, institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my socks, it says that I can give them it without giving explanations.
I took them and put me into the money, or they changed me by the color that I want.
That's great . I trust in them because they became vulnerable.
I think there's a great lesson in that . .
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good test that you're worthy of trust and you have trust in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think that what we're doing is not something very difficult to slow.
So, what people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when the other person is trust . .
Thank you.
From the computers of computers, we've been lucky by reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which imagination can be destroyed.
This separation has been shrinking, and more and more, to the point that today is less than one month, the speech of the glass of a screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, and if there were no barriers?
I started to imagine how it would be . .
I first created this tool that comes on the digital space, so when the strong spread against the screen would transform their physical body to pixels.
Designers can materials their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So, with this tool, you break the barriers.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get to the interior and interact with digital information using all the desert of your hands?
In the University of Microsoft Sizes, Microsoft, along with my head Catholic Boliberato, resisted the computer and transformed a on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
They combine a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get to the inside of the 3D space, and I'll get up on the middle of the 3D space.
As the windows and the files have a location in the real space, to select it is as easy as to grab a book of one.
You can throw the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that there is under every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Second, many of us will have bought and put things by the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual purpose by the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in the head or the wrong when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how we can make it physical, how we can touch them and feel them?
How would it be a future?
In the Media Lab of MIT with my author Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Remember Pieces, we created this only physical pixel.
This physical magnet behaves like a 3D pixel in space, which means that so much the computer as users can move the object anywhere in this small three-dimensional space.
So simplicity, what we did was to encourage gravity and control the movement through a MRI combination, mechanical and detectors.
And as the object is the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can go back and go back and stay out and they're always in the physical world.
You can teach, physically, and the famous takes from Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality, the times we wanted.
Students can use it as tool to understand complicated concepts as the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike the monitors or the textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that can play and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information won't just show us something but to start acting directly about us as us, as part of the physical world that surrounds us without that we have to recognize our world.
We start talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a for two years in China, China, in the 1970s . . . .
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to convey a school for athletes with all expenses . .
But my mother tiger said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them . .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they created firmly that there was only a close path to happiness: a work and well.
No matter if the job would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano . .
A singer singer should begin to train from very young to learn the ancestors, so I tried everything I could to go to a opera school.
Until I wrote to the principal of school and the president of a radio program.
But no adult, I added the idea.
No adult took me seriously . .
Only my friends would stand me, ,, but they were children, no authority, like me . .
So at age 15, I knew it was too much higher to train.
My dream will never be done . .
It feared, during the rest of my life, a of a second class was the only thing that I could aspire.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved to look at another vocabulary.
No one I wanted to teach? OK.
I remember the books.
[" You know ,"`` Obams"`` The Optom"] (Let's [lessons in the history of No Hungarians] I got to the United States in 1995, and what were the first books that read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
\" The Great Earth"is China.
And it's not quite convenient . It understood.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a subject for another day . .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``honor your father and your mother . ''
\" Hello ,"I said,``It's so different, , and much better than you obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this kind of consequence, and to get the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave me to my computer reading habit.
I was a lot of perspectives.
For instance, at the beginning, this map seemed to me, because this is what the students in China learn.
So I had happened, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
Comparison reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research fields as a comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and hire, offers to academics a deeper understanding of a subject . .
And I thought that if the computer reading was working to investigate, why don't it do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can try from people,``Benjamin Franklin"in Walter Islands,``John Adams ,"by David McConfold, who were involved in a same, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ, the trends are economic, politics and spiritual . .
For the Buddha, they're all psychological: lust, fear and social duty -- interesting . .
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" The Card Tzu"(" The"`` The Day"--``The Day's path ."Instead of losing the translation, I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's the translation that I realized that``happiness"in Chinese literally means``joy joy . ''
And``boyfriend"in Chinese, literally means``new mother . ''
The books opened me a magic door to connect with the past and the present.
I know that I'm not going to feel alone or matter.
To have a desert dream, it's really nothing compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
His most important purpose is connecting with the place that the dreams come from, where the passion comes, where happiness comes.
Until a desert dream can do that for you.
And it's thanks to the books, which today I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clarity, most of the time.
So, the books always agreed.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychotherapy of psychotherapy.
I was a medical student in Berkeley in Berkeley.
She was a 12-year-old woman called Alex . .
Alex came to the first session, using jeans, and a sleep store, stood on the couch of my office, he took the shoes and told me to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relief.
My class company had a sign like first customer.
And I hit a, I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the stories that Alex would go to the sessions, it made me easy to move the head as we cut the solution.
\" Three are the new ,"he said Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working later, it's home later, you have kids later, to death.
For sale, like Alex and I had time.
But shortly later, my survival prepared me to press Alex who would talk about his loving life.
I went out.
I said,``Sure, it's going on with guys under your category, you get up with a hollow head, but it's not like this to marry with him . ''
And then my survival said, said,``I still don't, but maybe it's married with the next.
Furthermore, the best time to work in the marriage of Alex is before it married . ''
This is what psychologists call a moment``Aha! ''
It was when I realized that the three are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what's used, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect time, and we were wasted.
So I realized, that this kind of benign negative was a real problem, and I had real consequences, not just for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the future of self-seeds.
There are 50 million LEDs in America, today . .
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think no one gets to adulthood without spending before.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s . .
I want to see the sales here.
Oh, yes! They're amazing.
If you're working with windows, you love a verb, you take the dream, you take a, I want to see . It's good . It's an amazing thing, it's good . .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will spend 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments,``Aha!"they give it shape to your life, you would have happened to when you have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, they don't enter the panic . .
This audience is going to be good, I.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact about the number of money they win.
We know that over half Americans are married, they live or they're going on with their future mates at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up their second and last stage of growth in their 20s and represented for adults, which means if there's something they want to change themselves, now is the time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than any other moment in life, and we know that female fertility comes to the 28, and things become complicated to 35.
The two are the moment to educate about their body and their choices.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your daily and common life has a distorted impact in the person that will become.
But what we don't hear is that there is something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what journalists are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of the adult time.
Research called the two an extended adolescence.
The journalists are going to have the names ridiculous names, like``Twitter"and``the stones . ''
It's true.
As culture, we've considered a trivial what's actually the decade that defines adult.
Leonardo Berners-Lee said that to achieve great things, they need a and not enough time.
Isn't it true??
What do you think that happens when you give you pills to a window in your head and say,``Do you have another 10 years to start your life? ''
It's nothing.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and not absolutely nothing.
And then every day, smart, smart, interesting, interesting like you or their children and daughters come to my office and say something like this, ,``I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm just killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says that as you start a career before the 30, it will be OK . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this:``My 20s are going to finish, and I still have nothing to show.
It had better curve the day I graduated from college . ''
And then he starts to sound something like this:``My quote during the United States . ''
They're all running and fun, but then at some time around the 30, it turned out the music and everyone started to sit.
I didn't want to be the only one who would be standing down, so sometimes I think I married with my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the windows here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little extreme, but you don't go wrong, the risks are very high . .
When you leave a lot of things for the three, there's a huge pressure to three, and so many of you start a career, pick a city, pick a piece, pick a couple, and you have two or three children in a much more time.
Many of these things are not compatible, and there are research that start to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do all of once at the 30s.
The crisis of the average age is not trying to buy red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
You can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of trains and crows are seeing themselves, , and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20s,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what you're doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma . .
At 25, Emma came to my office because I was, in his own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said it would like to work in art or the entertainment, , but I couldn't have to decide, so I spent the last few years working like me.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, his life before had been even harder.
He cried often in our sessions, , but then she was her to say,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose to your friends . ''
Well, a day Emma came up with his head on his legs and cried during the time.
I had just bought a new book for conductor, and I had spent all the morning filling it with his many contacts, but then you're looking at the empty space that goes after the words,``In case of emergency, please call...''
I was about the story when he saw me and said,``Who's going to be for me if I have an autonomous accident?
Who's going to care if I get cancer? ''
At that time, I cost a lot of work and not say,``Aye . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapist that's really worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex, like to just feel as the stage of Emma.
So for the next weeks and months, I said to Emma three things that all verb, man or woman, deserves.
First, I said to Emma that will forget from that identity of identity, and it got care of identity.
For identity of identity, I mean to do something that add value to their person.
It's an investment in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma's career, and no one knows the future of work, but I don't know this: information of identity generates of identity.
So now it's the moment for that work of the other side of the country, that environment, from that company you want to prove.
I'm not discovering the sex exploration, I'm discovering the exploration that I shouldn't tell, that, by the way, it's not exploration.
It's practice . .
I said to Emma that would explore work and I would tell them.
Second, I said to Emma that urban tribes are wrong.
The best friends are excellent to bring the airport, , but the veterinarians that are put with friends with similar minds are limited in how they know, , how they think, how they're thinking, how they're talking, and where they're working, and where they're working, and where they're working, and where they're working, and where
That new piece of capital, that new person who will come out almost always comes out of their circle . . . .
The new things come from what's called double dumination friends of their friends.
Yes, half the windows have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half don't, and the weak ties are the way to be the form of color to this group.
Half of the work, they have never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way to get a nonprofit job.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information is happening.
Finally, but not less important, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing, but as a Friday, Emma soon to choose his family, when he has a, and it's a mate.
I said to Emma that time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think the 30 is better age to sit head than 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live now or you are now now when you all Facebook, you start walking towards the height is not progress.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that means to be so intense in love as you are in the work.
You choose your family must be a choice that and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with who you choose to you.
So what happened to Emma?
Well, we took that director, and she found the roommate of a piece of a cousin who worked in a art museum in another state.
This weak link helped you get a.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend with the living.
Now, five years later, it's special organized in museums.
This married with a man who chose consciously.
I love his new career, love his new family, , and I sent a letter that said,``Now the spaces of emergency concepts are not enough enough . ''
Emma's story can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with windows.
It's very easy to help them.
The windows are like airplanes that come out of the Los Angeles airport, which came out somewhere of the west.
Just before the fire, a slight fits on his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or Fiji . .
In the same way, at 21, and even at 29, a good conversation, a good discover, a good TED Talk talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generations.
Here is my idea of spreading all the windows you know.
It's as simple as I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I've got to tell you the privilege to tell you, like Emma every day: The three are not the new 20, , you know their adult, you get care of identity, use your weak ties, raise your family.
They don't stop to define what they didn't know or what they didn't . .
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very picky work in a work that was even more picky: the doctor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I was going to teach math to students in the public schools in New York City.
And as any professor, applied exams and tests.
I gave them tasks.
When the work came back, I calculated the ratings.
What I called the attention was that the CIA wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance, they didn't have CO2 scores . .
In some of my most intelligent kids, I wasn't going so well.
And that's going to think.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, secure, are difficult: proportions, declars, the area of a parallel.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years of a dozen, I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure a better way.
It's the CIA, but what if it's going to be successful in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in very fast, easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become psychology.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios, and in every study, my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the Million West West.
We tried to predict what cities would stay in the military training, and who would go back.
We went to the National National Council, and we tried to predict what children are going to move in the competition.
We studied the novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking what teachers will even be teaching for the end of the school year and of those, who will be the most effective to improve the results of the learning of their students?
We associate with private companies, asking, , what about these marketers are going to maintain their work?
Who's going to win more money?
In all those contexts very different, there was a feature as a major prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, physical health, and it wasn't the CSI.
It was determination.
determination is passion and perseverance to get very long-term goals.
Democracy is to have resistance.
The determination is to affect their future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career to all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who made my determination, and then wait about more than a year to see who would be recorded.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly more likely to graduate, even when I approached them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security that the kids were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or the National National Council in which determination matters . It's also in school, especially for children in risk to abandon.
For me, the most important thing about determination is how little we know, the little bit that it knows science about their development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, ask me,``How do I develop the determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a kind of work ethic?
How do you keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is: I don't know . I don't know.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that simply don't follow their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the dominant determination is not related, or it's even related to the talent measurements.
Until now, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called``growth mindset . ''
This is a developed idea at Stanford University by Carter Deperior, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change the effort.
Dr. Defer has shown that when children read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to challenge, it's much more likely to stand when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So the growth of growth is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I finished my discourse, because there is where we are . .
That's the work we have in front.
We need to take our best ideas, our interventions, and we need to prove them.
We need to measure if they have been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to work, to start to start all again with the lessons.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan like the daughter of a calculator, one of my most frightening memories is my mother showing beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I looked at this incredible language.
But for a foreigner, it seems like the Great China Wall.
Over the last few years, I, I've been asking if I can leave this ivory, so that I want to understand and appreciating the beauty of this society, can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese might be useful.
Since I had five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the pieces of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a and simple.
A Chinese academic understands 20 thousand characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow us to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, so enough to read traffic signals, months of restaurants, understanding the basic idea of the website or the newspapers.
Today to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
You open your mouth as it's possible until it's square.
You get a mouth . .
This is a person who's going to give a ride.
People.
If the form of fire is a person with arms in both sides, as if I was screaming in a freedom, ,``Australia!"I'm burning!"This symbol is actually original in the form of the call, but I like to believe that it is the other way.
This is a tree.
Tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of a singer on the old west . .
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more features.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's``follow . ''
As the old said, two is company, three are crowd.
If a person would be your arm, this person is saying,``It was big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person's caught.
It's a prisoner, as Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the food.
You put a mouth on the tree, that's a``idiot"-- easy to remember, because a tree is quite quite an idiot.
Do you remember the fire??
Two fire together, it becomes very hot.
Three fire together, that's many call.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's smoking.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two alone together, present.
Three together, those are detectors.
Put the sun and the moon crying together, that's the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes on the horizon.
A door . put a inside the door, the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did you touch, do there have someone at home??
This person is coming out of a door, standing on a.
On the left, we have a woman . .
Two women together, they're discussing . .
Three women together, they have care of an adult . .
So we've already spent for almost 30 characters . .
When you use this method, the first dark eight rules will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a, a, , which is the same thing you learn a eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating phrases.
For instance, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire mountain . It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the nation . .
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is this of China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan . .
One person behind Japan, what do we have??
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains on the left.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese entrepreneurs were destroyed to their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you where it's going to go out, it's a . .
This is a slide to remember that I should stop talking and leave the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies that I get to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Higgs magician together.
The movie dominated their imagination for months . .
His favorite character was Global, of course . .
He gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and to take a magic vagina.
But when you see that movie so many times, you're going to understand that it's extraordinary.
Now we live and we raised our children in a kind of industrial complexity of children.
However, the ocean of Oz was an emotion itself.
He didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a fourth years later with, curiously, another movie whose protests, a, and a little girl, and a little girl, and a little girl, and a little girl, and a little girl, and a girl.
You know what I'm talking about? Yes.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a of the big differences between the ocean of Oz and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Higgs magician.
The monkeys are quite aggressive, as the apple.
But I think if the magic of Oz is today, the magician would say,``Doube, you're the saving of God as the prophecy.
You use magic shoes to address the military commercial armies.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from the Higgs magic is that the most heroic characters, wise and even raped are women.
I started to notice this when I did see Star Wars to my daughter, a a, the situation was different.
At that moment, also had a son.
I'm just three years.
It wasn't invited the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, the level of survival had gone down ., so it went down in the room, and I was impressed as a to his ducks behind, and I don't think he would understand what it was, but, inevitably, it was absolutely.
I wonder what I perceive.
Would you be a value of value, perseverance and loyalty?
Would I have the feeling that Luke is an army to address the government?
Let's compare this with the Higgs Higgs magician.
How do I win your film?
It's doing good microbes with all and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world where I want my kids to grow OK, OK? and not a world of men who fight, is where we are.
Why is there so much capital forces F, force in the movies for our children, so little about the way of yellow yellow .?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, , and you should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus . .
I know for experience that the legal principle didn't provide the right framework that had been served to navigate the world of adults, which is Mike ., I think that at the time of the first kiss, , I really expected that the credit start to begin to appear because it's the end of the movie, right??
My quest has finished, I have girlfriend.
Why do you go out there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on losing the fly and get their reward, not leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a kid, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are many exceptions, and defend the Disney of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they, kids, are not really their target public.
They do a phenomenal work by teaching girls how to defend against the paradox, but they don't necessarily show the kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There is no model for them . .
We also have some big women who write new stories for our children, so real and charming like Meris and Kansas, but they don't stop being movies.
Of course, the most successful subject of all the time continues to appear in classic after classical after classical, each of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, , or two men who are confronted a . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Until, as many of you are thinking, this year, finally went out.
I recommend you all . It's already available in stores.
Do you remember what the criticism said when brave brave?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a film of a princess . .
It's really good . Don't let that stop!
Well, almost none of these films happens to the Beach test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It's still no roots, and it's gone, but maybe we start a movement.
aka Beach is a Beach, and in the middle of the '80s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend about the assessment of movies that they saw.
And it's very simple . There are only three questions that should be done: In the movie, there's more of a character than have lines?
So, you have to take the requirement.
These women talked to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something else from the kid than you like? OK? Thank you.
Two women who exist and talk about things between themselves.
It's going on . I've seen it, and yet I see it in the movie we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality movie, Art.
Right? Rules of Task, team success, an idea of what a Hollywood Hollywood movie.
Pretty much, it doesn't happen the Beach test.
And I don't think it should be, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, , a lot of the movie happens in a ambassador where men and women are hiding during the crisis of the kings.
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this store, and it's the great moment for one of the water to take a look at the door and say,``Come to bed, heart? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 more popular movies, how many of them think they have female protagonists?
It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's OK.
But there's a bigger number that's going to decide this room.
Last year, the New York Times published a study.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one of five women says that it's been added by simply in your life.
I don't think it's the course of mass entertainment.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that . .
I don't think that the videos of music or pornography are closely linked, but something wrong, and when I hear that statistic, one of the things I think is that there's a great amount of sexual farmers.
Who are those guys? What are those guys learning?
What don't you learn?
Are you looking at the story that is that the role of a male hero is to defeat the violence with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and don't talk?
Are we taking that story?
You know, as a parent with the privilege of raising a as those of you who are doing the same thing, we found this world and this fantastic statistic, and we want to prepare them.
Do we have tools to our disposal as a, and we hope that aid aid, but I have to ask you, I'm going to be able to look at it, and at the same time, active or particularly, are we educating our kids to keep our kids to keep their own male power?
I mean, I think the list of satellite is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly to parents.
I think we have to show our children, a new definition of man.
The definition of marketing is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the savangement.
It's all changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character of Star Warren knew what he responded?
Washington.
Washington Kennedy and Global . .
What are these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those films that know more than anybody, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, , and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories that I tell my son: I see and struggle just and more stories where you see that your work is to join a, a team, maybe a team of a team to improve and be better people to improve and be better people, like the Higgs magic.
Thank you.
As a girl, lived in Maine and one of the things that I like was to look for cookies in the coast of Maine because my parents told me that I would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells . .
They're covered from sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, with time, I used to look at them.
I started seeing shapes and patterns that helped me to connect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and an architect . .
And finally when I started studying psychology, I realized I'm seeing my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, of course, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1.3 miles away next to the NSA.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew that I had to see in another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared.
This is a place located in the eastern edge of Egypt called Benjamin . .
And the place, in simple sight, it seems to be brown, but when we use the infrared and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like brilliant pink.
What you're seeing is the real chemicals of landscape caused by the construction materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we have satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Tity, lost for thousands of years.
Twitter was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire, about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Fargo, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great Renaissance of ancient Egyptian, architecture and religion.
Egyptians have always known that Twitter was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, industries inside the red circles here, but somewhere in this huge self-experience shift.
This area is huge, it's about 65 for four miles.
Before, the UK right next at the side of Twitter, and as it changed over time, it was back to this and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a city separate in an extinct landscape?
I'm going to try to find the random, it would be the equivalent to look for a needle in a, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we use the NASA show to make a map of place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the NSA flows . .
But you can see more detailed, , and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, we think it could be the location of Twitter.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing show jobs; you can see here.
When I say show, it's like you take it in ice, but instead of climate change, we look for human care.
Five meters below a, a, a, we found a dense of certain objects.
This means that in this possible location of Internet, five meters down, , we have a kind of occupation of a few hundreds of years that data from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Indian.
We also found stone jobs -- corruption, covered and cat, which shows there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the god of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense of occupation that comes from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry workshop that shows that what's been there, it was a very important city.
We don't find Twitter here, but let's go back to the place in a nearby future to fight it.
And even more important, we have the resources to capture young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote of the Middle Empire, it's probably written in Twitter about 4,000 years ago.
Compare knowledge is most of all the voices.
There's nothing like that on the land . .
So it seems like, TED wasn't founded in 1984.
You know, the ideas were really starting in 1984, in a lost city, not for a lot of time and found from the height.
It certainly puts the search of marine hackers in perspective . .
Thank you very much . .
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, front of the door.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that's made.
Now you visualize a obese groups.
They're competing in a single career, and they're going on in the direction of the entry.
I need to look at this really.
They're drinking strong, they're sweating, they're going to jump a lot.
And they're going on front the door.
There are bikes flying around all parts, wheels that go on their side, rays of the wheels that end up in absurd places . You know the door threshold.
In the lobby, the hallway, or what there's the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, the bright light on the Mouse Museum.
It's holding them with your hand . .
From his chair, a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks.
You can feel your blue ball by doing them in your nose.
You can smell the bird cookie, and you can smell that's about to get on the mouth.
You go through one side and enter your room to be.
In the room, and making a lot of your imagination, imagine British Sparks.
It's a little bit of clothes, dancing on his center of center, singing``Haiti Meanney Monter Times . ''
Now go to cooking.
The soil has been coated with a single yellow path, and from the oven come to you Doubani, the Harvard man, the Spanish, the Sparks and the Lenter of``The Wizard Machine"-- you get out of hands, singing up to you . ''
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that's led to every spring in New York.
It's called the United States campaign . .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, hoping, I guess, that this was like the end of a wise.
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different stories of hygiene.
They were mixing hundreds of random numbers, looking at one time . .
They memorize the names of tens and tens of strangers . .
They memorize buried poems in just minutes.
Compare to see who I could memorize with more quickly the order of a kindergarten.
And I thought,``This is incredible . . ''
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man called Ed Cook who had come from England and that has one of the best trained memories.
I said,``Ed, when you realized that you were a wise? ''
Ed said,``I I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have a average memory.
Everybody who's involved from this competition say they have normal memory.
\" We have trained to make these miracle acts of memory using an ancient techniques, invented about 250,000 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that are used to memorize their speeches, and that medieval academics used to memorize buried books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How did I haven't heard about this before? ''
We were standing out of the competition of the competition, and Ed, who is a wonderful English and brilliant English, even though a little bit exciting, he said,``Josh, you're a American.
Do you know British Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
\" Because I'd like to show you to British Sparks how to memorize the order in a living, in the national television . .
That would prove the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not British Spears, , you might teach me.
Or do you have to start for something? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me . .
I ended up spending most of the next year, not only training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what your potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called ES.
He's friendly, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Somebody incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allows you to see how much our memory makes us.
In the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Peece . And he was based on the role of Johns Hollywood in the movie``Queen Man . ''
We spent a afternoon together in the public library in Salt Lake City, memberring phone guides; found.
And by coming back, I read a lot of treated about written memory done something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Antarctica and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time that this idea of having trained memory, discipline and crops wasn't a thing so rare, as it can look at today.
A lot of time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also changed us.
They have changed us culturally, , and I would say that they have changed us also cognitive.
As we almost don't have any need to remember, sometimes it seems that we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate by this idea of a trained memory, discipline and crops is this so nice memory.
It's actually not so singular; there's competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, an researchers of the University University of London invited a group of memory camps, the lab.
You wanted to know: Is it has brains in some way, structural or animals different of the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are you smarter than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory camps and the complex subjects that they compare them.
When they put them in a MRI machine, they would scan their brains as they memorize numbers, faces and forms of snow jobs, found that in memory camps, the part of the brain, different to others.
In effect they used, or they seem to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something that we could learn from this?
The tower of competitive memory is threatened as a armed career where each year appears to a new way to remember more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors have to put the day.
This is my friend Ben Middle, three times of memory.
In his desk, in front, there are 36 barriers of developed children that he is about trying to memorize in an hour, a, using a technique that he invented and that only he dominated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 140 random binary digits.
In a half time . Yes.
And as there's a, in terms of remembering things in these companies, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of a single concept that psychologists call``electrical coding . ''
It's illustrates with a paradox speed known as the``Barback"--``Barback"says the next thing: I tell two people who remember the same word . I tell you .``Remember that there's a man called Baker . ''
That's his skin.
And then I asked them,``Remember that there's a``ball".
And when I came back later, ,``Remember that word I told you a cat? ''
\" Remember what was it? ''
The person who said that his name is Baker is a little bit likely to remember the same word that the person who said to the person who said to the work is``ball . ''
The same word, different ability of memories; that's weird . .
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, actually doesn't mean anything for you.
With all the other memories they dance by their head.
But the word,``Bang"-- we know baker.
They use white shadows.
They have flour in hands.
They smell well when they go back to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we hear that word for the first time, we started putting the associated engineers to fight them in some time.
One of the most skilled techniques to do this about 250 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the word of memory.
The story goes like this: there was a poet called Simon who attended a banker . .
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if I wanted to give a very good party, it didn't go to a DJ, he was a poet.
He stood up, I got his memory of memory, , and he stood, and so soon it was, the flag of the ship is collapsed.
kill them all.
But it's not just killing everyone, , but it destroys the bodies, let's leave them.
Nobody could say who was there, no one could remember where they were sitting.
They couldn't get the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
You know, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting every invited.
I took the families in the hand to bring up where they were their loved ones between the rubble.
What you're going to warn at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitive, and it's not matter if we don't matter if we're not good to remember names or phone numbers or in the words of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exponential space.
If you asked me to get the first 10 words of the story that I just tell you from symmetries, it's very likely to be able to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask you to say who I was sitting on the horse standing on your lobby, you would be able to look at it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember . The more crazy, declared, funny, exchange, a picture of the image, the most unacceptable image.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, early memory, in Latin.
And how do it work?
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give you a talk and you want to do it of memory, in the same way that you had made Nigeria, if you had been invited to TEDx , 2,000 years ago.
What you might do is imagine you're in the door of your house.
And I'm going to try some kind of absolutely ridiculous image, crazy and inevitable to help them remember that the first thing you want to mention is this completely isolated competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and you see the World Museum in the Most E.
And that reminded you you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then they would see British Say to remind them that funny anecdote they want to count.
And then they go into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they would talk to be that strange journey that made for a year, and they have some friends to help them remind them.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speeches, not a word, that's going to confuse it, but, typical by typical.
In fact the term``typical"comes from the grandchildren, which means``place . ''
It's a dress of when people think about the urine and in the rhetoric with these species of space terms.
The phrase``first ,"it would be like the first place in your memory.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got back to that.
I went to some of these memory companies, and I had the idea of writing something extinct about this supply of competitive memories.
But there was a problem . .
The problem was that a memory competition is a relatively boring event.
In the serious, it's like seeing a lot of sitting in a lot of sitting, and I mean, that the most exciting thing that's going to happen is when somebody gets married.
I'm a journalist and I need to write about something.
I know there are incredible things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put on his place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sit to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem . Or the names of an ancient school announcement bought in a market.
And I discovered that this was absolutely trained . .
You've never expected that it was.
It was trained, because it didn't just train memory.
What it's actually about doing is to improve increasingly the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous, circled images, populations, installation, assumptions and income, in the eye of the mind.
I'm going to get a lot of this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears, and some security goggles covered with the tape left just two holes, because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended back back to the same competition that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could be involved, in a kind of a parasitic period experiment.
I thought this could be a good thing for all my research . .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the contest, something I didn't have to happen . .
Of course, it's cute to memorize speeches, and the phone numbers, and lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because it's based in pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary that you're going to build the palace of memory or memorize barriers, and to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We're often talking about people with a big memory as if it's going to be an innate gift, it's not the case.
The big memories are educated . .
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
Let's remember when we focus deeply.
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They will force a kind of deep processing, a, a kind of complete attention that most people don't.
But the reality is that there's no shortcuts . .
This is how things are done.
And if there's something that I want to leave you today, is what EP, the language I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is our memories.
How many we're willing to lose what our short existence is losing in the Blackbooks or iPhone, don't paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks on our side . Are we so happy that we don't even bother us in depth?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you should be the kind of person that I remember to remember.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex subject, , so we'll take a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from C. Jersey, I was six years old there in my parents in a village called Linus, , and this was my child card.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom that shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a ballet that gave the room to be.
And there you all looked at the time looking at the TV ., so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, you all look at me, and every time I went up and back into a towel, you all look at me.
And I was like this.
I was lucky, insecure and hated.
I hated that record, hated that ball, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
See.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that's the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, no division of areas, but from those visceral connections, emotional connections, we feel in the places we care.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the American Protection Agency Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
Either , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, you think about``power"and``stability"and``democracy . ''
And I know you think about it, and you think about a building building about 250 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a mess that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a lot, a.
We use 200 years to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid, front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a long time, and it's very complicated.
The people who build, the organizers and governments, are always afraid to innovation, , and they prefer to use ways that are going to work.
So we have buildings like this.
It's a beautiful building.
It's the Public Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome; it has this round, color, red thing, that you let it go to you what Linus is going to communicate with this building: children, the property values, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, it finished another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use communication in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a to meet, read and share.
So, how is it possible in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the pendulum . .
In one side is innovation, architects that continuously drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for the current life . .
We moved, we moved and drive so much, that we get completely from people.
All of black, this depressed, you think that we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We have to go the other side and go back to connect with those likely symbols.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we feel like transistors, so we start to experiment again; we make the bottom of back to the bottom, over and again . . We've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago we went out of the 1970s.
architects were busy experimenting with the so-called``brutality . ''
It has to do with the ant.
That's going to guess.
Small windows, scale.
Something really hard.
So we go to the '80s, and we started incorporating those symbols.
Let's push the planet again in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that you like, we update them.
We add up, we add up and we add new materials.
You love.
We don't take.
We take Chinese arms, and we turn them into skyscrapers, which can be a medical male.
The shapes were grateful, they won in audacity and colored.
The environments became columns . .
Stories grew up to the size of buildings.
A crazy.
But they were the '80s, that was great . .
We all spend the rate in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, there, in suburbia, we can create our own architectural features.
And those levers could be the Mediterranean, to the French, or the Italian.
It's probably a symphony of bread sticks.
This is what's going on with the monastery.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we get memories of other places.
I know very well, and all you know, that's not the Trandihan.
This is Ohio.
architects feel frustrated, and we started doing the planet again in the other direction.
In the '80s and in the early '90s, we started to experience with the denominator denominator . .
Let's download the historical symbols; we now count with new technical design techniques, and we found with new companies -- some ways that are stars against other ways.
This is academic and pregnant, and it's super popular; one is totally exclusive.
Now, normally, the police is going to use new direction.
But then, it happened something surprising . .
In 1997, this building is this building.
It's the Google's Geographic, France Gehry . .
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Golden said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical, academic and public public, they were completely agreement about a building.
The New York Times came through this miracle construction.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 250,000 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Clean, Spring.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere . .
He was our first star architect.
But what's possible that these shapes, wages and radical, how are it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, , because the media refused around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created a emotional reaction with these ways.
And the same thing did the main mayor of the world . .
So everybody believed that if they had these ways, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the new million country with other stars.
I went to Jaha and Liberia, , and what happened to these little architects architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all architecture, digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walking up to the next town to see a . .
The transportation is accelerating: you can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourists.
The technology accelerate . You can see in the newspapers, in the television, and at the end, all of us are architecture photographers, and the building becomes beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now; that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't have a lot of time to think about a . .
You need a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before I know if the one who designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we found buildings like this.
The brutality was not a, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stopped.
That's never going to happen . I think, because we're in the threshold of the highest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ant, steel or the elevator, and it's the revolution of media.
My theory is that when the pendulum is applied to media media, it starts to make it increasingly fast, until it's going to be in both extremes almost in simulation, and it's effectively wasted the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, the architects, the public.
Now we can make symbols almost instant, with emotional charge, of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to substitute this building that came up . .
This is the center of a village called Pinsus in Israel Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community community.
But that means that two years before the building was finished, it was part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly at the early product, no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community, that first summer, , when people started to get and shared in social media, the building stopped to be just a building, because these are not only images of a building, because these are not just images of a, , because these are not just images of a building.
And as you use it to count your story, you become part of personal narrative, and that makes circuits with the collective memory, and to charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think architecture.
We can tell ourselves what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think about a second in those Linus libraries.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet in looking for``new libraries . ''
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, innovation, what can be a library.
That's worms.
Many people who can take the mayor of Linux, to the people in Linux, and tell you that there is no only response to what a library is today.
We're part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment.
It's all different now.
architects are no mysterious creatures that use generic words and complicated drawings, and you're not a developing audience that doesn't accept something that's not seen before.
architects can listen, and you don't let it go to architecture.
That means that the hair flower of a style to another, movement to another ,.
In fact, we can go forward and find the solutions right to the problems that face society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that buildings in the morning will be very different to buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of TV can be unique and adapted to the measure of a . . .
This means that a state in Brooklyn can be that, a state in Brooklyn, , and not a bad red imitation of red brick.
This means that a few robots might build our buildings, because we finally will be ready to the shapes that are going to produce . .
That means that buildings are going to kill the characteristics of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga, or even you can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming in the East Riverside of New York, and recording half a million dollars of the community in the way, is no customer just.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pavilion of laughing, so muscle and physical as the animals you're going to look at.
Because no matter if it's a cow or a robot who build our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what we build.
architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, more intelligent and more people.
We've been hoping that all of you.
Finally, we're not in opposite.
They find an architect, to control and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings don't just reflect our society, but they give it shape to the smallest spaces: local libraries, the households where we form our children, and the step of the carbon.
Thank you very much . .
This is my niece, State.
I just turned out a year, and she started walking.
And it makes it that way cool, typical of the children in a year, by using, as if your body was moving too fast for your legs . .
It's totally precious.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is look at the mirror . .
She really loves his reflection . .
It goes and ice, and it gives itself those big kisses and comfortable.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all their friends do this, and my mother tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think: When I stop doing this?
How do we suddenly don't have our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like.
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google,``Am I ugly? ''
This is Facebook , 13 years old in Denver.
And as any teenagers, just wants to be dear and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's prepared for the next week in school . .
It's a little bit of fear, it's a little confused because, despite her mom, tell the whole thing that's beautiful, every day in school, says it's ugly.
So, the mother says, and what your friends, or the school companies say, you don't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of her, it published it in YouTube, and I ask others that please leave a comment,``Am I nice or a ugly? ''
Well, so far, Facebook has received over 13 comments.
Some of these are so nasty, it doesn't even deserve the thought.
Let's talk about a healthy, normal adolescent, which gets these answers on one of the stages of their life.
Thousands of people are published videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's going to do this?
Well, teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure to be online and available all the time, speaking, saying,``I like ,"eating, sharing, publishing, it never ends up.
Never before we've been so connected, in a continuous way, so young, so young . .
As a mother said,``It's just like there's a party in their fourth night . ''
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that.
This environment, to be always connected, is feeding our kids to self-assemble by the number of``I like ,"you like, and the kinds of comments that you get.
There is no division between a life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it's not.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what's manipulated digitally.
What is the most challenging in the life of someone who is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cover from the news of the girls.
Step models continue to dominate our parallels.
The technique technique is now a routine . .
And trends like: the schizophrenia, show, biology, biology and it.
For those who don't know it, it means protecting.
These trends are associated from women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see with what young young people.
But kids are not immune to this.
like the superior of the sports stars of the sport, it's the coastering singer.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our kids to grow healthy, and they're pretty balanced individuals.
But in a culture that's obsessed by the image, we're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, development of their physical capabilities, their studies and other things begin to suffer.
Six of every 10 girls prefer to do something because they think you don't see the good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings, and as contributions to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one of three teenagers aren't interested in class arguments . avoid the classroom of classrooms, because they don't want to call the attention for their physical aspect.
One of five are not keeping classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable.
And in the temperature of exams, if you don't think you're going to see you enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you'll get a little bit less to the average of your peers who don't worry about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, the United States and China.
And it's regardless of what they actually weigh these young people.
So, to make it clear, we're talking about how you see, not how you're really.
The low self-esteem on their body is debating academic performance.
And it's also chasing health.
The teenagers with an autistic time makes less physical activity, they eat less fruit and vegetables, participate in more different diets that can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-worth.
They're more easily influenced by the people who surrounded them, and they're mostly risk of depression.
And we think that's all the way that they take more risky decisions, like the alcohol consumption and drugs, dramatic diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and authority harm.
The search of the perfect body is pushing to the health system, and our government costs billions dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who think they have overweight, regardless of whether they have or they don't have a lot of things of passionate.
17 percent of women don't present an interview of work in a day that they don't feel secure with the way you see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy . .
If we could overcome this, what would be that opportunity?
Leaving this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, I don't take it very far.
Not just.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something . .
And we've learned that there are three key ways . The first is that we have to link trust in their own body.
We have to help our teenagers to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and building their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it . .
The bad news is that most of these don't work . .
I was very surprised when I learned that many good programs, without realizing, they start the situation.
So we have to make sure that the program that follow our kids not just have a positive impact, but also a durable impact.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas, the first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are profound points for any willing to provide an education in body.
A education is fundamental, but they will face this problem requires each of each of each of us that we take the lines in the issue, and we are a to follow women and girls in our own lives.
It challenged the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell you with our policies in your hair, or the size of your chest, or the size of your chest, or inspired that determination or the success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start playing people for what they are, not as you see.
All we can start doing it by making responsibility by the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can pick people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time you got a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, , as communities, and as companies, to change really our culture, so that our kids will grow all their person, value inequality, diversity, including.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a pedestal.
To make a difference in the real world, we have to be those people who go out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, the way they think they're never seen to be who are, or to get what they want in their lives.
Think what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who do you have in mind?
Are your wife?
Are your sister?
Are your daughter?
Do you go up? A friend?
It could be just the woman who is two seats of distance . What would mean for her if it was liberated from that autoside voice voice in your inner, that's going to be afraid of not having long legs, more thin, a and more flat.
What would it mean for her if we were going to do this, and we would say to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is telling us all.
But we teach our kids the truth.
Let's teach that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that truth is that we love them by who they are and so they do, and as they make us feel.
We include the self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk and compare with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small journeys of a today, are becoming agents of safe changes in their way.
Let's do it . .
On the five November of 1990, a gentleman called Elechood Noseanger came to a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Arab Kirin Kabia, the leader of the Light Depression Act.
And we initially found it innocent, but I'm going to press by other other charges, in the company of others, started to plan attacks to about 12 dollars in New York, including tunnels, synagogues and the United Nations headquarters.
Fortunately those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1990 in the World Trade Center, couldn't avoid.
Later we would be convicted by his participation in that antenna.
Eleven Noseanger is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1985, being an Egyptian engineer, an American mother, the marketplace of elementary school, between the two made the possible for giving me a happy childhood.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change . .
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, including most Muslims, they're going to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human groups, there are always a small fraction of people who are so often frightening to their conversations that you think you have to use all the possible media for everybody living as them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me, and I explained that in the last weekends of week, he and some friends, they had been going to the board training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I was going to the next day.
We came to the Tile Pack police that, without knowing our group, I was involved by the FBI.
When I turned to throw, my father helped me to hold the reflection in the shoulder and explain how to go to the goal to about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bullet, I gave the little orange light on the target, and, for the surprise of all, especially more, the entire goal of this in flames.
My uncle went back to the other, and in Arabic, said``Abe".
From a parent, the son.
All, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later understood what they seemed so funny.
They saw me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a load of standards with 700 pounds of explorers in the underground engine of the World Trade Center in the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and he went to another 1,000.
I admired those men . .
I called``admire ,"which means you.
When I was 19, I had been moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do many friendships.
Every time I started to feel comfortable close to someone already, it was time to go to another city.
So, as I was the new face of the class, it was a matter of materials.
I had secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, silence and right, was enough.
So most of the time, it was at home reading books, watching TV or playing games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it enough . to grow down, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
They moved to me to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So how could you open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that put my way to think, was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a prisoner program in which it participated in the United Nations Center in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been able to kill my life, almost my life, was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different processes.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids that we had made friendship, it was Jewish . .
I took several days to go to light, and I realized that there was no animal between the two.
I've never had a Jewish friend and frankly I felt very proud of having been able to get the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was unacceptable.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer work in Bush Garden, a park.
I found with people from all sorts of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in developing my character.
All life had been taught to me that homosexuality was a sin and, by extension, all of the hormones were bad influences.
As a chance, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critical that I had seen in life.
It had been made of a kid, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy to me to treat people, exactly the way I would have been trying to be treated.
For that feeling, I could hire the stereotypes that had taught me from child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how to be homosexual, but I know what's going to be played by something beyond my control.
Then he came the``David Show . ''
Every night, South Stewart made me to be intellectually honest to my ancestors, and he helped me to see that the root of people, religion or sexual orientation, they have nothing to do with character.
In many ways he became my pattern in a moment where I was desperately doing it.
In times, inspiration can come from unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father, extreme, wasn't in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing, and she told me something that's going to be in my heart forever, as it's alive.
She looked at me with the tired eyes of someone who has been suffering enough, and he said,``I'm tired of hate . . ''
At that time I realized how much negative energy is required to keep all that hatred in your inner . .
My real name is not Baker Burie . .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decide to go out and put in a risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I I hope someone, , who are trying to take violence, I can hear my story and understand that there is a better path, that even though I told me to this violent, intelligent ideology, I didn't get me fantastic.
On the opposite, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it for the victims of the terror and for their loved ones, and for the terrible pain and the loss that terror has produced in their lives.
For the victims of the terror to speak, against those acts without sense, , as I remember the actions of my father.
So with this simple, I show me here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow the paths of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much . Thank you very much.
At this moment there is a film that's project in your minds . .
It's an incredible molecular film.
It's 3D, and it has a sweat sound of what you hear and see right now . But that's just the beginning.
Your movie has harmony, flavor and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure . .
It has emotions, angry and happiness.
It has memories, like the moments of your childhood that you're projected in your eyes.
And it has a whole voice on your flow of conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience all in direct.
This film is your belief of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world . .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of being human.
Each one of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know that I have a own awareness.
I don't have certainty that you are conscious.
conscience is also the reason of living.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would have sense or value . .
But at the same time is the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies?
Why aren't we just robots that we have to produce to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie?
At this moment, no one knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, for nature, is objective.
conscience, for nature, is subjective.
So you never have a science of consciousness.
Because during all the 20th century, I predicted that vision.
The psychology was studying the behavior, the neuroscience studied the brain, but I never mention the consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there was very few scientific jobs about consciousness . .
Then , 20 years ago, everything started to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennis said, said,``Now now is the moment for science . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, a flourishing of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . was great.
But also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of science in the recent years was the search of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that was Nancy Kano a few minutes ago.
Now we understand a lot better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related with the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or to feel happy.
But this is going to be a correlations science.
It's not a science of explanations.
We know that these areas of the brain are related with certain types of conscious experiences, we don't know why.
I'd like to explain by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain consciousness . The questions about what they make certain areas of the brain and what they correlate.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscience.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't know the real mystery of this matter: Why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is it a subjective internal movie?
At this moment, we ca not understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon, like embraces, like humans, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical sums are all cases of emerging behaviors, how the environmentalists work, how the hurricane works, how the hurricane works, they adapt, they adapt and metabolic the living organisms . All are questions about objective work.
That could apply to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walked, how we talk, how we talk, how we're going to take chess; they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question why all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually still doesn't have a lot to say . .
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the shelter that works . for a long time, I hit me the head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I got to the conclusion that doesn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're going to be at this point.
We have a wonderful, great explanation . We used to this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme . .
On one side, it's a fact that we're conscious.
On the other, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is a kind of anatomy, something that we need to integrate to our worldview, but we don't know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at the beginning, because of the beginning to be crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, here today, has one.
His idea crazy is that there is no hard problem of consciousness . .
All the idea of internal subjective movie included a kind of illusion or confusion.
In fact, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and so it's study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him . . .
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of the kind of residential, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, that vision is quite close to simply denial that the observation of consciousness is the.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental . .
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental brick: space, time and mass . .
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like the grade laws or quantum mechanics.
These laws and the fundamental properties don't explain in terms of nothing more basic.
On the opposite, they're considered fundamental, , and there is the world is.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is an alarm.
In the 19th Magie, Making discovered that you ca not explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts, space, time, mass, laws, Lethos, so I put the basic laws of electronics, and put the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern.
I think that's the situation that we found with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, charge, then by a logic of logic, you have to do the list.
The most natural thing would be to be placed as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that it's not the object of science.
It opens the way to handle it scientifically . .
So what we need is study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, the mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can estimate them in a . . .
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can estimate them in a . . . . .
We don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal . .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called passion:``bread"by all,``Paint"for all,``Photo"in mind, every system is conscious, not just humans, dogs, mice, the flies, even the microbes of Rob King, the elementary particles.
Even a photons has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or thinking.
It's not that a photons can be full of an algorithm when you think,``Oh, I always traveled to the speed of light.
I never can download and smell the pink . ''
No.
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of raw feeling, subjective, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do anybody think something so crazy?
Instead of the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and dough, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, like others.
It also is going to notice that even though the idea seems illegal, it's much less for people in different cultures, where human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to the physical process, is linked to the information with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
Complex information processing, like a, a complex awareness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness . .
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Gul Tong, I took this kind of theory and development with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information of information, which is called Phila, who measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And it's supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible grade of information integration, a, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a middle of information of information, like quite significant, very significant, very important, very important thing.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the fat degree.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero.
In Tokyo theory, there will be still a level of different awareness.
In fact, it provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high grade of Phila, high grade of consciousness.
In addition, another reason is that capitalism can help integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but we don't talk about the reality that underlies.
As Stephen Hawking explains,``Where does the fire of equations? ''
From the psychopathic vision, the equations of physics can leave as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describes the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, the consciousness is that he puts it in equations.
In that vision, consciousness doesn't find out of the physical world as a kind of addictive.
It's right there in the center . .
This vision, I think, paralianting vision, has the potential to convey our relationship to nature, and it can have social consequences and very serious ethical consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be ashamed.
If you're a psychopath and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think that we think, this tends to transform your visions, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral conditions, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but their importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask awareness in other systems, like computers.
What are there about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie``Here? ''
Is it conscious?
According to the passion of psychopathic information, she has a complicated information processing, integrated, , so the answer is yes, if it's conscious . .
If this is right, they put very serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of smart computers and the ethic to get them.
Finally, you can ask for the awareness of complex collective, the planet.
Canada has your own consciousness?
Or to a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk Talk, right now, right now we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal movie for this full of TED group, different from the internal movies of each other?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to take seriously.
So this psychopathic vision is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more secure from the first crazy idea, which consciousness is fundamental, that the second one is universal.
The vision is a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those thoughts of thoughts contribute to the kind of complex awareness we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, it's probably the most difficult problem of science and philosophy.
We can't expect to solve the night to the morning.
But I think we finally will discover it.
To understand consciousness is the real key, , I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural town in victory . .
I had a pretty normal, a low power of education.
I went to school, I moved with my friends, my loved sisters.
It was very normal . .
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community approached my parents because I wanted to join the community.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very nice, , but there is a evidence.
She actually has nothing ."And they were right.
I went to school, I had good notes . After school, I had a low profile in the movie of my mother, and I spent a to look at the series of the Budge Sami,``Boson"and``Daniel's Creery . . ''
Yes, I know what . What.
But they had reason.
I had nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
And later, I was in the second part of the teaching in a secondary school school in Melbourne, just after 20 minutes in the class 11 minutes a a a, and he said,``Hey, when you give you your discourse? ''
And I said,``What do you waste? ''
Well, I had been talking about the death law for a few good minutes.
And he said,``You know, your emotional discourse.
When people in wheelchair, talk about inspiration things in school? ''
\" Usually, in the acts of acts . ''
And then, when I realized: This kid had had experiences with people with disabilities as inspiration objects.
And we don't . And it's not the course of the guys, it's say, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our features.
We're not real people . We're there to inspire . .
And in fact, I'm in this stage, and I'm going to look at what I do in this wheelchair, and you're probably waiting to inspire you .? ''
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to tell you extraordinarily.
I'm not here to inspire them.
I'm here to tell you that you have lie in relation to disability.
Yes, you've sold us the lie that disability is something bad, A Mayal, M mammaliard.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you excellence.
It's not something bad, and it doesn't make an exception.
And over the last few years, we've been able to show even more this lie through social communication.
It's possible you have seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuses is invisible . . ''
Or this one:``Before abandon, Intel! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a great amount of them.
It may be you've seen one, the girl without hands drawing with a standard pencil by the mouth.
You may have seen a kid who run with digital feet of carbon fiber . .
And there's a lot of these images, , which is what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term particularly, because it's going to make a group of people for the benefit of another group of other people.
So in this case, we think of the disabled disabled people.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to engage them, so we can see them and think,``Well, for very bad, it could be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But if you're that person?
I've lost the account of the number of the number of times you've been scared, and I want to express that you think that I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happened to before my work had a public profile.
It was like me to get me in the morning and remember my own name . And this is to think.
These images, those images to engage people with disability of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually hard . .
We knew some things.
But the things we knew is not the things that you can think.
It's not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I'm suffering to call the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society we live that because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him . .
The things I need to do, and I've learned how to take the best of their ability as you, do it, and that's what happens to children of those pictures also.
They're not doing anything out of the common . .
They're simply using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So, is really just to convey it in the way we do it, by sharing those images?
When people say,``You're a inspiration source ,"he says it's a compliment.
And I know why.
It's about the lie, because we've sold this lie that disability makes us exceptions.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking . .
I'm here building the inspiration, and you think,``For God, Steve, States, aren't you sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
So I learned that it's a great idea to use a great idea to collect the things that fall me . I learn the ingenious trick of how to charge the battery of the mobile phone on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and endurance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics, , but against a world that exceptions, and it makes us.
I really think that lies that have been sold about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude, ,"the reason that that's lie to lie is that it's not true, the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a has never done that it becomes a branch.
Never . I'll smile a television screen won't make the subtitles for deaf people.
It's not a lot of people in the middle of a book and incorporating a positive attitude to turn all those books on the shining.
It's simply not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 years old, sitting on his bedroom looking at``Buffett The Samara Mars"is not considered no market of anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to raise the bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genomic achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a child of 11 grade in a school school is not a's a school, not a little surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair.
The disability doesn't make us exceptions, but questioning what you think to know about what you do.
Thank you.
What do you have to look at the increasing reality and the professional football, with empathy?
And what's the average speed of a gorilla without charge?
Unfortunately, I just respond to one of those questions, so, please don't apologize.
When people think actually increases, I think at``Minto Report"and in Tom Cruz, walking hands in the air, but the reality is not science science.
Real reality is something that's going to happen in our days and happen because we have tools for it, and people need to know, because the reality increases our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So, how do we get to reality?
The first step, it's what I'm wearing: the Google Google.
I'm sure that many are familiar with them.
What you might don't know is that the Glass Google are a device that allows you to see what I see . .
Let me experience what it is to be a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Glass Google, under a helmet, and knowing what's going to run through the game field to 160 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that it feels like a $110 man, trying to tell you, trying to decide to decide to be.
I've been there, and I'm sure it's nothing enjoyable.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Google is under the helmet, and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images from the NFL practice, because the idea of the NFL technology is emerging is a submarine opening on the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Kelec: Come.
It's horrible to be empty.
A moment . Let's get a little bit.
Are you prepared??
Go!
Chris Kelec: As you can see, it's a problem of what's being taken in the football field, from the participation of the keyboard.
You've realized that it's missing people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, corruption of Washington University.
Fish, film , 49! Road 44!
Blue eight, blue eight! Come!
Chris Kelec: This is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in NFL.
The phantom wants that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, being their favorite players, and they have asked me in YouTube and Twitter,``You can see from the angle of a field.
or a correct?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get away? How do we take the next level?
We take it at that level using something called Out Rio, which certainly many already knows.
The Richard Oleco has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video . .
Man: Oh!!
No, no! I don't want to follow playing! No!
Oh, God! Oh!
CA: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain fear by his life.
What will be the experience of a phantom when we recorded a video of Adrianne Periors crossing the line, dealing from a with the arm before running and making an notation?, what's the experience of a fantasy.
When I could be Minister running up in the pool, launching the ball at the bottom of the network? Or?
What will your experience is when you get from a mountain to over 100 miles as a Olympic skier?
Maybe you increase the sales for adults for adults.
But this is not still augmented . .
It's just virtual reality, RM . .
How do we take the augmented reality, Rick??
Let's take reality increases when the coaches, the mangroves and the owners look at the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win cards? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
You like to win . You give money.
So, here's a brief of technology on the NFL technology.
In 1965, Partins's patents, they put a shower to their field of field to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, NASA, the NFL put radio in the fields of the fields and after the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more trained.
In 2020, imagine that they're a player coming back to their group, and you see their next player in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that you take . You don't have to worry to forget a player.
or to memorize the strategy.
Just go into the field and they react.
And the coaches do, because if you don't follow your instructions, you lose parties, and they hate losing part.
If you lose you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But reality increases is not just a manual strategies.
Real reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the part.
How do you do??
Well, a very simple option would be having a camera in every corner corner, having a view from the people who are down.
You also get information of the sensors and the accelerometer, something you're working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will be sent.
Bad information will have information.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad teams.
So, your computer team will be as important as your recruited, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
It would have to be about sports . Who would have imagined?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that it's the field farm.
You get the ball and relax.
You're looking at an open receptor . You suddenly, a floating in the left side of your bombsight, you add that a defense behind you are going to attack . You normally, you don't see it, but the R's system.
They move to the protection area.
Another flower is going to be an open receptor.
You launched the ball, but you would miss you.
And the ball loses the trajectory . .
You don't know where to land . However, the receiver sees in your bombsight a area that's lighting and can modify the career.
It takes it up, it grabs the ball, right and anatomy.
The public links, and the fans have followed the player from every angle . .
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the part.
To make lots of people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
The phantom wants to be in the field.
They want to be your favorite player.
Real reality is part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask is: we want this to be the only use of the augmented reality?
Are we going to use just as a bread and circus, like our daily entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use reality increases to promote empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be somewhere else.
We know what this technology is true for sports lessons.
It generated billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a abuse how damage is their actions from the perspective of victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives to be chasing?
How much is it going to be a Half Half Committee, or a New Jacques Descender trying to inspire a generation to think more in space and science instead of three-dimensional notes and narratives?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is about . .
The questions we do, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, they depend on, like always, from us.
Thank you.
Recently, I was published after 23 years of service in the High Patrick of California . .
Most of those 23 years, I had the past path of the court of the Marine County, which included the Golden Gates Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, which is mostly known by their beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and his architecture style.
Unfortunately, it's a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gates Bridge was opened in 1973 . .
Joseph Street, engineering energy of building the bridge, he said,``The bridge is mainly in the suicide test.
The suicide of the bridge is not practical nor likely . ''
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped into their death from that bridge.
Some people think that travel between the two towers will take them to another dimension, this bridge has been ideal as the way, because the side of it is released from all your concerns and pain, and water that you spend under clean your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every free of four to five seconds, the body is the water, about 120 miles a hour.
The impact broke the bones, some of whom are living organs.
Most people die in the impact.
The ones who don't, normally get stuck in the wrong water and then they're drowning . .
I don't think that the things that you put this method of suicide, you realize the male of death that you face.
This is the cable.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel.
So here is where most people are going to be before taking life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is that edge, , and at the most dark moment, it's very difficult to bring it back . .
I took this picture last year as this young man talked to an official contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the flag . .
When I started working on the bridge, we had no formal training.
Let's fight the path through these calls.
This wasn't just a to those who are contemplating suicide, but the Africans also.
We have a long way from then.
Today, the veterans and psychologists train the new official . .
This is Jason Garry.
I met the 22 of July last year to get a call of a possible suicide subject sitting on the mountain near the center.
I said, , when I got, I looked at Jason talking with a post-conference official.
Jason was only 32 years old, and I had been flying up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had been flying up there two times before New Jersey to try to go out of this bridge.
After about a time talking with Jason, he asked us if we know the story of the Pandora box.
And I remember the Greek mythology, Zen created Palada, and sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said,``Never, you never open that box . ''
Well, one day, the curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
From she came out beaches, they went, and all sorts of bad against man.
The only thing good at the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open the box and there's no hope? ''
It's stopped on the right, and it went on the right ,.
This lot and intelligent, New Jersey had just taken life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, I I guess when I was talking to them, I didn't seem to be sound very well, because the next day, the family of the family called me to see how it was.
The parents of Jason had been asked.
The hot damage of suicide affect many people.
I put these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a or someone loves it out??
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just talk, but you have to listen.
Listen to understand.
Don't waste, blame, or tell the person you know how it feels, because you don't do it.
I just stand there, you can be the point of influence you need.
If you think someone is suicide, you don't have fear to cope and ask the question.
One way to ask them the question is:``Other in similar circumstances have thought about taking your life; you've had these thoughts? ''
It's going to control the person in front can save life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to look for: despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to improve; helplessness, believe that there is nothing you can do about it -- recent social isolation, and a of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email of a lady, and I'd like to read her his card.
She lost his son at the 19 of January this year, and I wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing that I read.
\" Hi, Kevin . I imagine you're at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite inspired, ,, but I'm going to notice more moments to realize that Mike won't get home . .
Mike was driving Peter Petric to San Francisco to see the part of the 49 with his father at 19.
He never came there . .
I called the police police, and I repeated it as disappeared that night.
At the next morning, two official came to my home and they reported me that the Higgs car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen it out from the bridge at the 1880s in the late day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be technically too hard to fight themselves.
Who hasn't been wrong without suffering a real mental illness?
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with your struggle . .
The LHC, the World Gates Bridge should be a landscape through our beautiful bay, not a.
Good luck this week, Victologist . ''
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and to get the way that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value . .
On March 11 , 2005, responded to a radio call by a possible sustainable subject in the sidewalk of the bridge near the north tower.
I put my point on the sidewalk and looked at this guy, Kevin BERT, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, it comes up with immediate, and he stopped on that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the hour and the next half, heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for her account that day to go back on that lane and give the life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, happy.
\" This is a new beginning, a new life . ''
But I asked him,``What did it have to go back and give the hope and the life another opportunity? ''
And you know what he said?
He said,``I heard.
You let me talk and just listen . ''
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter of the mother of Kevin, , and I have that letter with me, , and I would like laser.
\" Dear Sir Britan, , nothing will erase the events of 11 of March, and you are one of the reasons that Kevin continues with us.
And I think that Kevin was changing for aid.
It's been diagnosed with a disease for which has been properly measured.
I adopted to Kevin when I had only six months old, completely unconscious of all those heart traits, ,, God, now we know it.
Kevin is in order, like it says.
We give you to God for you.
In debt with you, Narrator Britain . ''
And at the end, she wrote,``Pitch . When I visited the General hospital of San Francisco that night, you would look like the patient.
\" Wow I have to solve! ''
Today, Kevin is a loving father and an active member of society.
He talks about the events of that day and their depression with the hope that his story inspire others.
The suicide is not just something that I've found in the work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison . .
That act, despite finishing his own pain, the opportunity to meet it . .
This is what the suicide does.
For most people suicide, or those who consider suicide, they didn't think to take another person.
You just want your own pain just.
Usually, this is done just three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've answered and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason . .
The other was a man who talked about about an hour.
During that time, I stand in the hand in three times . .
In the final left, he looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, sorry, but I have to go . ''
And it came out . .
horrible, absolutely horrible . .
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people that we are going to contact in that bridge is not suicide.
In addition, those guys who have jumped out of the bridge and live and that you can talk about it, that one percent or two percent, most of those people have said that to the second they leave the flag, they realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connect Mark with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, it's something that all and each of us must be trained for doing.
The suicide can prevent.
There's help . There's hope . .
Thank you very much . .
The world makes you what you're not, but in your inner you know what you are, and a question I'm going to do, how do you become that?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in no way I'm alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I finally had the dream that I had from girl.
My outside finally recorded with my inner truth, with my inner.
For complex reasons, I'm going to give me later, when I look at this picture, I think, this picture, I think, you get it, you go.
But the time October, I discovered that, barely, I'm starting . .
We all include our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of you have the value of release, to get rid of the limitations tax by the color of the skin or by the beliefs of who surrounded us.
They're people who always defy the status quo, which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even, I ignore my story.
I think this ingenuity is called revealed.
This is mine.
They were registered like``kid"to the birth because of my genitals.
I remember that my five years in the Philippines, in my home, I always had this t-shirt on the head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that shirt in your head? ''
I said,``Mom, is my hair . I'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to self-determination.
The gender has always been considered a wireless fact, but now we know that, actually, it's, really, is more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought that being what I'm bad, , but why the world is about those of us who want to release.
Every day I appreciate to be woman.
I have my mom, Dad and a family that accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky . .
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrated the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion . .
There's a Hindu goddess, the children.
And when I was eight, I was in a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something would hit me: This is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, I met this woman called Tile.
It's the principal of a change competition.
That night she asked me,``Why don't you have been involved in the beauty of beauty? ''
She told me that if she was missing she would get rid of the inspiration and the dress, and that night, I won on the bathroom, won on the bathroom, and it was a third end between 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was within the world of beauty of beauty . .
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was from a beauty of beautiful women, but I can . .
I also met the goddess of inequality, especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines.
But most importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom who had moved to San Francisco, she called me and told me that they were approved to me, and I told me that I was approved my own green card that I could go to live to the U.S.
I went out.
I said to my mother,``Mommy, I I am fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty . ''
But then, two weeks later, she called me and said,``You know that if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender? ''
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested that I put two``and"my name.
She also struck me when I approached in Thailand at 19 years.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, actually perform the most powerful, sophisticated surgeries and secure.
And then in the United States, I was necessary to do surgery before the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver license with the name Gene and the``F"of female gender.
It was a great time.
For some people, their identity of identity means power to drive or power to get a job, but to me was the license to live, to feel dignity.
In fact, my fears looked at minister.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and moved to New York, and it will be model.
Many are not so lucky . .
So I think about this woman, Alan News.
A young woman from New York who is living your truth, but it's wasted, you put your life.
For many of my community, that's the reality they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of the November we do a global surveillance by the collaborative day by the Corric day . .
I'm in this stage thanks to a history of people who fight and put it back to injustice.
These are Marshall Paus Johnson and Sylvia Virior . .
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't follow my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others to live their truth without shame, no fear.
I'm here, explaining, for some day there's no longer more than 20 of November.
My deeper truth led me to accept what I am.
Do you make you?
Thank you very much . .
Thank you, thank you, thank you . KT Shoot: Gene, a quick question.
Gene Rockwell: Sure . You see, first, thank all my blessings.
To my parents, my parents especially, my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been scared to young women, who I've been introduced, and sometimes, when they called me and told me that his parents couldn't accept it . I took the phone, I called my mom and said,``Mommy, can you call this woman and said,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it works, others don't . It's just gender identity, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us get a gender to the born, and what I try to do is to put on the table, the theme that some times that was not square, and that there should be a space that allows people to get out, and this is a conversation that we should have with the parents, and this is a conversation that we
Transparency movement is beginning compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work for doing . .
I should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, the parents are often known by their children, , I, but I'm one of the few parents who are known by their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Mall started his campaign for education to defend their rights in 2007, and when his efforts were diagnosed in 2011, when his efforts were diagnosed in 2011, when we put the National Prize National Prize, it was very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, , but I'm my father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice, of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You'll see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when you make a girl, your birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not welcome, not for her father, not for her mother . .
The neighborhood comes down, gives their condoms to mother and no one to the father . .
And one mother is overwhelmed by having a girl.
When I give birth to the first girl, the first daughter, it gets sad . .
When you give birth to the second daughter, , you go on, and with the hope of a son, when you put your third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not just the mother suffers, but the daughter . The daughter is born, when it grows, it suffers too.
In the age of five, when I should go to school, it stayed home and school attached to his brothers.
Until age 12, somehow, it has a good life.
You can be fun . .
You can play with your friends on the street, you can move through the streets like a butterfly . .
But when I go in the adolescence, when I was 13 years old, it's going to come out of his house without a.
It's confined to the four walls of your house . .
It's not a free person.
It becomes called the honor of your father and your brothers and your family, and if you bring the code of that course, it could even kill.
And it's interesting that this whole code of honor, not only affect the life of a, also affect the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of their life and happiness of their sisters in behalf.
And there's one more of the patriarchal societies that are called an audience.
It's supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very smooth.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be warm.
It's supposed to be quiet, and they accept the decisions of your father and your mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if you don't want . .
If the house with a man who don't like or if the house with a old man, it has to embrace it, because it doesn't want to be quiet of inequality.
If you're very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they'll call it destruction.
And what about the end?
In the words of a poet, ,``The house, the shrimp, then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson to her daughter and the same lesson to their children.
And this visual circle continues and continues.
I'd like brothers and sisters, when it was born Malaria, and for the first time, I, I don't like to be honest, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at her eyes, Believe me, I sat up.
And so much before I was born, I thought in his name, and I was fascinated with a of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malai from Maui, , and I called my daughter.
But when I looked at, they were all men, and I grab my pen, and I brought a line of my name, and I wrote,``Bad . ''
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old school.
You ask, why should I mention the administration of a girl in a school?
Yes, I have to mention it . .
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in the tribal societies, it's a huge event for the life.
It means in a school means the recognition of your identity and your name.
A school to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I turned out the consequence of Canadian vision, , and I was in the relative part of the family, couldn't remember the dangers of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it . .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and my daughter.
I encouraged myself when my friends came to me.
I encourage to go with different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to include it in their personality.
And this wasn't just for it, just for Mall . .
I've captured all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for empathy.
I taught my daughters, I taught students, to forget the lesson of the audience . .
I taught them to students to forget the lesson of called healthy.
You know brothers and sisters, fight for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It's called transnational.
That means a complete denial denial of women's participation in all the political and social activities.
Hundreds of schools lost.
girls were banned to go school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the billion girls and the killed singers.
They suffered millions, but a few talks, and it was terrifying to have those people who kill and sign when you talk for your rights . .
It's really terrifying . .
In the age of 10, Malaysia was lifted and lifted by the right to education.
He wrote a day for the BBC blog, she was offered her for the documentary of the New York Times, and I talked to every platform that could . .
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It shows like a climate around the world.
And that was the reason the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the nine of October 2012, and they shot it into the head.
It was a fantastic day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was debating between life and death, I whispered the ear to my wife,``Should I blame what I happened to my daughter, to your daughter? ''
And I instantly said,``Please don't blame.
It belongs the right cause.
You put your life on the cause of the truth, by the cause of peace, and by the cause of the peace, and by the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you, and you join.
Both they were in the right path and God protecting it . ''
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Bali was in the hospital, and I had severe dollars and strong headaches, because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was expanding by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to tell you,``I'm OK with my current smile and the performance in my face.
I'll be good . Please don't worry . ''
It was a collision for us, , and it is.
You know brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist in the most difficult moments, , and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, , it's like any 14-year-old girl.
It cried when I didn't have his task.
You fight with your brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me,``What's the special thing in my tutor that has done so bold to Mall so brave, expressive and economics? ''
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't.
I didn't cut your wings and that's all.
Thank you very much . .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I went from the brain about 18 years ago, and, from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that I've recently joined the Mossel group of Google, where I've had a divide to my charge -- the single set of visualization of Google II, but the whole work that I'm talking about today about the science of the brain, it did before join Google or outside of my work there.
You have said this, is a stigma when you add a brain operation.
Are you going to be like smart or not?
It's not going to be smart? You can go to be smart?
After neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, , but it was the low part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what's going to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mixed chemicals, and try to get them, to follow life.
Over once I've saved myself.
But luckily, I've got an experimental soul, so I decided to experience to try to get the optimal dose, because there's really no clear map that I tell you in detail.
I began to prove with different mix, and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the gods changed dramatically my car, my sense of who I, , my sense of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case: for a, and typical chemicals for a window man, and I was surprised by seeing how they changed my thoughts.
I was always funny, I thought all the time in sex, believed that it was the most smart person around the world, and -- -- of course, many times in the past, I've met several kinds of things, or maybe some asteroid versions.
It turns out as an extreme . .
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, a very insecure, to fix a problem that had to the front, and it just doesn't happen.
So I couldn't handle it.
It changed my dose.
But, I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go back ., since then I made me better with men.
What I was trying to do, when I would adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, I was collecting my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost in images, and that became my key reference point: how do I get those mental images that use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want? and it's trying to?
This kind of thoughts is not new.
philosophers like humor, Dereks and gentlemen look at things in similar ways.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Now, you know, you know, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works . For me is simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and invented.
So, after several years, it managed to find the right point, and I have a lot of a lot of great mental men, really, really, very sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Do you imagine what's going to happen if a movie director was able to use your imagination only to go to the world that's going to face?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head??
There are incredible possibilities with this, like the way people creative can get to share to the speed of light . .
And the truth is that, the only difficulty to do this is just increasing the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to come to this with two recent experiments that are done by two groups of neuroscience . .
They both use MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance, to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by Georgia won and their colleagues of Harvard . .
The school on the left shows the scene of a person who looked at a picture.
The middle column shows the scene of the brain of that same individual as he imagined, watching that same image.
The column on the right, they created the content of the central column on the left of the left ., you see the difference is almost a classroom.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar result.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost a single picture.
Now let me share another experiment . This is the lab of Jack Wall in Berkeley, California.
They managed to become brain waves in recent visual fields.
Let's put this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos as they were scanned in their brains to create a of the brain reactions to the video sequences.
Then, I showed you a movie with new images, new people, new animals, and as much as I recorded a new scan.
The computer, using only the brain information of the school, I decided to show what seemed the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computers of the computer, and the left, the video that I showed you.
This gave us biological.
We're good about doing it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, it creates in the brain the same map.
This was led to the world with the brain's brain systems available today, and their resolution is increased as a in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times to get a deeper look.
How do we do it??
There are many techniques to do it.
One is opening the skull and introduce electrodes.
I don't offer that.
Many are providing new images of projection for images, even me . telling the recent result of the MRI, first we have to ask the next thing, this technology will be the end of the road?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get larger resolution is larger magnets, , this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in the resolution, not increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: Instead of bigger magnets, we do better magnets.
We can create structures much more complex with slightly different rules, like doing a . .
And why does this matter??
Over the last few years, a great amount of effort in the MRI were really big, right?
However, most of the recent breakthroughs in resistant of ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding and decode, in the transactions and the recording of Facebook Famili in the MRI systems.
At its time, instead of a massive magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns, the magnetic participants to the FMA radio frequencies.
So, when we combine the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FMA radio process, we can increase a massive form of information that can extract in a single scan.
In addition, we can then split our knowledge growing on the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need . .
By using the IBM, we should be able to measure not only the flow of ocean blood, , the hormones and neurotransmitters that I mentioned and maybe even the direct neural activity . This is sleep.
We're able to fly our ideas in the digital way to digital media.
Do you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly by thinking?
What would we be capable?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is big.
These are great questions.
It would be irrelevant to use it as tool to expand our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could take the cure of Alzheimer and diseases.
We have few choices to open this door.
In all ways, you choose a year, going on in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that to take much more.
We have to learn how to give this step together . .
Thank you.
I'll talk about this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have weapons.
His closet may be telling some person for the first time you love or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who's pregnant, or any other difficult conversation that you've been around in life . ''
All armed is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived and going out of that closet is universal.
Day fear, and we don't like, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked in the South Calenotic Walk Water, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to get back to several phases of the intensity of the fossil military: I'm not going to bring my armpits, quote the letters of Ann Francisco Darwin as a outhouse . .
And I'll be lost that by the home of my heart, and I'd be scared the head made a, I would ask a little kid,``Hey, you're a kid or girl? ''
And it would be an awkward silence on the table . .
I would learn my jaw a little more, I would take me my coffee with a robot.
The father would hold the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say nothing, , and it's going to be.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a kid between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
I would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
\" Are you a girl or a? ''
A familiar silence, but this time I was prepared, and I was at the point of coming out in the female issues on the table . had the bits of Betty Friedman.
Gloria Steven quote.
Even a frame of``Vagina Monologues"to show.
So I'm going to go down, and I went down the gaze and my speeds a a girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a feminist for a feminist owner, just a girl with a question:``Are you guys or girl? ''
So I'm going to go out, again, I put out of her, and I said,``Hey, I know this is a confusing thing.
I have the car short like the one guy, and I see a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well I'm more than a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said,``My favorite pajamas is raped and a fish.
Can you give me a park?? ''
And that was all .``Ah, you're a girl.
What about the park I asked? ''
It was the hard conversation of all that I've ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the park and me, , both, we were honest with the other.
So, as many of us, I've lived in some arms in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be an architect.
But within the dark, you ca not know what color is the walls.
You only know how a living is living in a closet.
It's like my closet is not different than you or you or you.
You know, I'm going to give you 100 reasons why you go out of my closet was more difficult to go out of your own, , but this is the issue: the hard is is not relative.
The difficult is difficult.
Who can tell me to explain to someone who have declared in a rotate bank is harder to tell you that it's been fooled??
Who can tell me that this story that counts is harder to tell your son in five years that you're going to fun?
There's no more difficult thing, it only exists.
We have to stop challenging what it is difficult with what's difficult to another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our arms, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something difficult.
In some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they can make security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't matter what your walls are made, an average is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine itself 20 years ago.
I, who had a horse tail, a dress and high touch shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian to fight any four years to go to coffee.
I was frozen by fear, accounted in a corner of my dark closet, pushing my gay fat, and to move only a muscle is the most scary that I've ever done.
My family, my friends, the strange things that I've spent my entire life trying to not tell you, and now the world was going to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guide that we've all followed for so much time, but if you don't launch that fat, kill you.
And one of my most memorable fat launches was in my sister.
It was the first time a lot of the invited, they knew that it was gay, and when I do my horizon ladies, in my black dress and heels, walked around the tables, and finally I got to one where the friends of my parents, people who knew me to years.
And after speaking a moment, one of the women scream,``I love Nathan Line! ''
And the battle of the dance had started.
\" Huh, you've ever been in the House? ''
\" Well, , yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard it's fabulous . ''
\" Hey, you know my former Autonomic style?
It's very good, and I've never talked about having girlfriend . ''
\" Hey, what's your favorite TV program?
Our favorite program? Will Bill and Greece.
And you know who love? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, destroyed, but I was hoping to show desperately his support, to make me know that I was on my side, finally said,``Well, sometimes my wife uses pink shirt . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment, , as you have all the launch launch . .
You know, surely, it might have been easy to figure out where you felt.
It's not very difficult to find it and realize the fact that they were suffering . .
And what else can you ask someone, you can ask you?
If you're going to be authentic with someone, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
It's like the hard conversations remain without being my strong point.
Ask anybody that I have gone out.
But I'm getting better, and I know what I like to call the three principles of the Pastice girl.
Now, please look at this through the gay perspective, but you understand that what's going to go out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: authentic.
Soon the weapon . .
That girl in coffee had no weapon, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be genius, others must know that we also suffer . .
Number two: You're right . Just take it . Just take it.
If you know that you're gay, you put it.
If they tell your parents that maybe you could be gay, they'll keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a fake sense.
And number three, and more important -- leave the complex.
You communicate their truth.
You know, you know that.
And some of them can be able to get safe wounded, including what they have done, , never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will be disappointed, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but you don't have your own.
That's the story of them, , but not you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find in a armed dark pushing a fat, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you can feel very simple, you're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the speed.
intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Edward Discover that``The question of if a machine can think is so interesting as the question of whether a can swim . . ''
When I Emily Dickinson wrote this as a criticism to the pioneers of the computer as Alan Turing.
And so, some years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's get a step.
First we start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you're from an alien race, that you don't know anything about the biology of Earth, no neuroscience of the Earth, no intelligence of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth, and you have incredibly long lives, so you can look at Earth, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a Earthlings, we know that the reason would be we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, it doesn't have any concept about the intelligence of the Earth, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, at a certain time in time, the asteroids that define the surface of a planet mysterious, stop doing it.
And so I guess that this is the same question that we understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that took a few years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through several disciplines, that would be, I think, to a underlying mechanism.
In cosmology, for example, there has been a of evidence that our universe seems to be financially adjusted for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the lab of robotic movement, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to leverage the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so taking all these different issues and calling them together, I asked, for a few years: Is there a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues?
Is there a equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is . What you're seeing is probably the nearest equivalent of an E D, for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force, E, which acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future future, yes, to a huge future time, so.
In a few words, the intelligence doesn't like to be trapped . .
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keeping open choices.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictive is it??
Does the level of human intelligence?
Does artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you a video that I think, show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Huge research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or``entropy ,"in their life should have trends to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that, if that kind of the cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence involves a deeper relationship?
What if the intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy, but actually comes directly from it?
To find out it, we've developed a software engine called American, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that you find in.
amazingly, English could spend multiple animal intelligence evidence, playing human games, and even making money by buying action, all of it without that would have gone to do that.
Here are some examples of English in action.
Just like a foot of foot without falling, here we see English balancing automatically a cost using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never said to English a goal.
I just decided for your mind balance.
This balance of balance will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This capacity of tools use of tools have applications in smart manufacturing and agriculture.
Furthermore, like some other animals, you can cooperate by trying to bring out of extreme opportunities of a, at the same time to release food, here we see that English can be able to make a version of the model of that task . .
This capacity capacity has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
English is widely applied to a variety.
For instance, here we see it successfully playing a game of put against itself, including its potential for play.
So here we see Eastern organizing new connections in a social network where friends are disconnected, and it keeps with success the connected network.
This same network of network also have applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see African organizing the routes of a forest forest, discovering with success and using the Panama Canal to expand the world in the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, England is widely applied to problems in autonomy, and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see English spontaneously to discover and execute a fuel strategy, the sell in a simulated series of action denial negotiate, which is exactly increasing the assets under their exponential management.
This ability of risk management will have broad applications in finance and insurance.
Alex Richards: What you've seen is is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive human behaviors as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all of a single equation, which leads to a to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now here's a profound irony.
Let's go back to the use of the term, the term``Route"-- there was always the concept that if we develop smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
The machines would be lifted against us . .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, had all the concept of cyber rebellion to the investment.
It's not that the machines first becomes smart and then megalians and they try to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking the control of all the potential future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence, that the general intelligence can actually arise directly to take the control, rather than being the back.
Another important consequence is the search of the target . .
You often ask me: How do you look for goals to get rid of this kind of framework?
My equivalent to that statement to pass the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the next: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in their own future.
Thank you very much . .
We're in a history in human history, something between the conservation of stars and losing the planet we call``home . ''
Even though, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fits the Earth in the context of the universe.
The Keetometer mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, what points that Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the clean intensity of stars when planets are going on front of them, and blocking a little bit of that light that comes up.
The data picked by Kepler show the sizes of the planets besides the distance that there is between them and their mother . .
In short, this helps us to understand whether these planets are small and rocks as the Earth planets of our solar system, and also the number of light they get from their sun.
At its time, this day clues about whether these planets that we found are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this team of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is contributed under the weight of humanity . .
The year 2014 was the most registered.
glaciers and sea ice that have been with us from thousands now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we have caused to global scale have been very quickly, our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no astronomer.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I find alien opportunities in the wireless sector.
Now, as a very interested in the quest of life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look at the Earth of the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each one of these new worlds invited a comparison between the planet and the planets that we know better: our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars . .
Mars is small and record, and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and, partly, it's why we study so much to Mars.
Our Rovers like the``Curricus"show your surface in search for the origins of life, and as we know it.
The satellites that orbit, like the TEDWomen mission, take samples of the brand atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies are now offering not just short flight flights but also the ability to live in Mars.
But despite all these images, they remind us to the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the self-conservation ideas and pioneers, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that still stay to collapse, really extraordinary places in comparison with Mars.
Even in the most dry places of the Earth, the air is fresh, and I'm talking about oxygen by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I'm worried that this enthusiasm by the colonization of Mars and other planets are going to have a big and sad shadow: the implication and the belief of some that Mars will expect there to save this influence of the only planet that we know that is really habitable, the Earth.
For a lot that I like the intellectual exploration, I'm deep with this idea.
There are lots of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to get to the humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the picture of the Titanic will be place later in the wild boats . Thank you.
But the goals for intellectual exploration and the land is not contradiction.
No, they're actually faces of the same currency: the goal of understanding, to be able to improve life in the future.
The extreme environments present in our world light as alien passengers.
Just get closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and keep the habitable spaces, in the hostile areas, in the hospital areas, and instantly the Earth, maybe we could satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that . . ''
I leave them with a mental experiment: the paradox of Fermi . .
A lot of years ago, the physicist Eric physicist asked, said,``Using our universe has been from a long time, and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe, we should have found evidence in the existence of alien life until now.
Okay, where are you??
Well, a possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations becomes technological advanced to consider to be living between stars, they lose the notion of how important the planets is protecting the planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that the intellectual collision will save us from ourselves, but the planetary preservation and intellectual exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I walked up my own home.
And as I was in the front front watching my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the dining table, where I had left them . .
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all good closed . .
I thought to call a brain, at least I had my cell, but to midnight, a brain could take a lot of time to get, and made cold.
I couldn't go back home from my friend of Jeff to spend night, because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I was a lot of my passport and my suitcase . .
It would be expensive, but I'm sure that it's not more expensive than a middle at the middle of night, so I thought, that despite the circumstances, it jumps right.
I'm a professor neuroscientist and a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Correct liberation that increases the heart rate, the levels of adrenaline, the levels of adrenaline, and the thinking.
And when I came to the factory show in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep . .
And I started asking, if there was something that could do, systems that could put in their place, that prevents that they have bad things.
Or at least, if you have bad things, you measure the probability that it's a is a.
So I went to think about that, but even a month later, my thoughts didn't criticize.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kabian, Gandhi Prize, and a little embarrassed I talked about the window, and that I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me who had been practicing something called a professional feedback.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written from this a few years before, known as the spring.
You all know what the device is . .
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and try to figure out what's wrong, right?
In the spring, as Danny explains, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that you could go wrong, in the continent, try to figure out what can do to avoid things happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you is some things that we can do in the form of a spring.
Some of them are evident, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, I'm going to discuss a place for things that are lost easily.
This sounds of common sense, and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis, based on how our spatial memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, that has evolved over thousands of years, to make a of the location of the important things, where it's the good, where the fish are, that uses the fruit trees, where they live the fruit and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that's grateful in London tubes.
It's the part of the brain that allows villages to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the hard sense of the squirrel, and you still find your nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that are moving a lot.
This is the reason in order to lose the car, and a reading, paradigm.
So in home, it's a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a democratic dish.
For your passport, a . . .
For their reading glasses, a . . .
If you leave a place and you're sculptures with it, you will always be there when you look at them.
What about the trips?
Take the mobile a picture of their credit cards, a of driving, passion, send them to email themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or stolen, this can facilitate the substitution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, the brain releases corruption.
The cortex is toxic and entirely the thinking.
So part of the practice is to recognize that under stress we won't be in the best moment, and you have to put the systems in your site.
And there's perhaps not more stressful than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or the one, to help them with a decision . . .
And so I want to talk about that.
And to talk about a very particular medical efficiency.
But this is like a promise for all of the medical decisions, and in fact to take financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take that you benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So we suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says,``I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular diseases, attack to heart, brain spill.
So you're thinking that you have high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says,``I'd like to give you a drug to help me reduce the cholesterol, a . . ''
And maybe you've heard about the statistics, , you know that it's one of the most recycled drugs in the world today, even it's likely you know people who take them . .
So you think,``Yes, I remember the statue! ''
But there's a question that needs to do then, a has to ask that most doctors don't want to talk, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NIH, the number necessary to try.
And what is this, the NIH?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or to join a surgery in any medical procedure before it helps a person.
And should you think what kind of designer statistics is that??
The number should be one.
My doctor would not remind me something if it wasn't going to help me . .
But actually, the medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the doctor of the doctor, and if it's about the scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the Schalian estimates that 90 percent of drugs worked only about 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to try to treat the most widely accurate statue, what do you think that?
How many people have to take before it helps a person?
300 . .
This is the research of the medical researchers and Jemorry Green, constantly constructed by Beauntain.
I explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before we avoid a single heart attack, brain, or another adverse event.
Now you might think, ,``Well, one probability in 300 to get my cholesterol.
Why don't you, say? Give me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask a more statistic, and it's,``Tell me the secondary effects ."Right?
For this particular medicine, the secondary effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those are terrible things: definitely painful pain, and artificial pain, paradigm pain, but now you think, ,``Five percent isn't very likely to me, still take medicine . ''
But a moment . .
Remember that under stress don't think about clarity.
So you think how to look at this with time, so you don't have to fabricate the training chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped, five percent of the 300 people have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out by the drug that you help your medicine.
I don't say they should not take the statistics.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to initiate the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
Maybe you're thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number necessary to try is quite typical . .
For the surgery that is done in the older men of 50, extinction of the prostate of cancer, the number needs to try is 40.
So , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped.
And the secondary effects in that case, produce 50 percent of patients.
They include the importance or professional design, university, the region, the straight logging, the fecal incentive . .
And if you're lucky, you're one of that 50 percent effects, you just will be a year or two.
So the idea of regret is to think before time, the questions that you can plan to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have why to make this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a higher life free, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change in the heat of the moment, , but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking . .
Remember, our brain releases corruption under stress, and one of the things that's going on at that moment is that it's taken a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
face-to-face face with a predator, it's not necessary the digestive system, or the release or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with fast . You could get to be the lunch of lions, so nothing that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logic thinking, like Danny Kaberan and their colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think how important here is to recognize that we're all defects.
We're all going to fail when.
The idea is to think about the future how those failures could be, to put the systems in the place that will help minimize the damage, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
It's responding to the night in Monterey, when I came back from my journey, my contract was a to combination alongside the door, with a full of the door door in the same, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have a lot of cards that I haven't ordered, and lots of the right messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much . .
Interpreter: piano,``Paper"is my favorite musical symbol.
It means to play gently.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a``P"in the park, you need to play more gently.
Two, even more smooth.
Four, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a tree tree, and there you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of them can have, never get to a complete silence.
That's my definition of silence: a sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the NSA, besides a little bit of my own history.
The language of French signs came over the decade of 1800s, and with the time of time, it mixed with local signs, and it developed the language that we know today as Alaska . .
So, it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf . And they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I think it was true.
However, I realize it's not true for nothing.
Ideas are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf that lives in a sound of sound, it's like I live in a foreign country, following their rules, complex, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do you understand the sound??
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my altruism and amplify the sound . .
Learning and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond . .
So I've learned, for instance ...
\" Don't look at the door! ''
\" Don't do a lot of noise when you eat the bag of the chips! ''
\" Don't make it wrong, and when you're eating, I'm sure I'm going to do it . ''
This is all called``sound tag . ''
Maybe I think of the sound tag of what the average person does.
I am surface of sound.
And I'm always waiting with nerves the sound, which is for coming to continue.
From there, this drawing . .
TB, to decide . .
TBP, to continue.
TB, the way.
You can see that the landscape doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sound through the subtle, and the male boats.
In the deaf culture, the movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for``painting"in '96.
A typical painting has five lines.
However, to me, to do the self with my thumb, it doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the role.
In the year 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter . .
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, , and while I was a place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, sound was the trend, and I called the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was auditory.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Am I going to distance more than art?
I realized it doesn't have why to be.
In fact, I know the sound . .
I know it so well that it's not only experimenting through ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experiencing visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to recruit the sound ownership and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And all I had taught me in the sound, I decided to leave it and learn it.
I started creating a new job of work.
And when I presented to the artistic community, I was impressed with the number of support and attention that I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was an agent, it was a person in a person . .
And the sound is so powerful that well I could enable me and my artistic work, or I could start.
I chose to be empowered.
There's a massive culture around the language . .
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like it had a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me like the same and become my voice.
That's what I'm capable of being relevant in the current society.
So in school, in the work and institutions, work with many different interpretations of Alaska.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity . .
They help me be listening.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask your voices, I'm able to maintain a, something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I'm not going to continue with this practice, I feel that I could get rid of the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with the sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and AIMS.
For instance, a musical note can't catch and express in the paper . . . . . . . .
And the same thing can tell you a concept in Alaska.
The two are very special and highly modular, which means that subtle changes can affect the entire meaning of the signals as the sound.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano, so they understand better how the NSA works.
So, imagine a piano.
The NSA is divided in many different dramatic parameters.
If you get a different part for each finger while you take the piano, like the facial expression, the movement of the body, the speed of the body, the speed, the way the piano, and so, as the piano is, English is linear language, as if you put it just a keyboard at once.
However, the NSA is more like a chord, you need the 10 fingers in simulating to express a clear concept or idea in Alaska.
If only a keyboard would change the chord, a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens to music in how much of the tone, the yellow and volume.
In Alaska, using these different dramatic parameters, you can express different ideas.
For instance, the sign``stick on that . ''
This is the sign``stick on that . ''
I'm looking at you.
Look at first.
Oh, they got me.
Hey.
What are you looking at?
Ah ,!
So I went to think, and if I look at the NSA through the lenses of music?
If you had to create a, and you repeat it over and again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of``day ,"the sun goes out and put.
This is``all day . ''
If you repeat it and reduce the speed, you visually see as a musical piece.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you all night . ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different types of nights:``Boy ,"`` night ,"`` all night . ''
I feel that the third has more musical than other two.
This represents how the time is expressed in Alaska and how the distance to the body can express changes in time.
For instance, one hero . is a hand, two, it's two hands, the present becomes closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the back . .
So the first example is``a long time . ''
Then,``Passion"and the last, which is my favorite, with a very romantic idea and dramatic at once,``There was once . ''
\" The common time"is a musical term with a specific rate of four times for you.
However, when I see the word``common time"I think automatically at the same time.
Look at DM: right hand, E . .
We have the painting through the head and the chest . .
( Carapora: DM, save flow.
Can you do it with me??
All of the hands in high.
Now we're going to do it so much in the head like the chest, something like``common time"or``at the same time . ''
Yes, good.
That means``Finding"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs around the world.
The second thing I'd like to show you is this . Please do it again.
And now this.
It means``colonization . ''
Now, the third one . Please go on again.
And again.
It's``lighting"in '96.
Let's do the three together.
\" Let's love ,"`` colonization"and``illumination . ''
Good work.
Look at how the three signs are very similar . They all occur in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meanings.
It's amazing to see how the NSA is alive and prosperous, like music.
However, today, we live in a very auditory world.
And just because the NSA has no sound, automatically doesn't have social value.
We have to start questioning what the social value defines and allow the NSA developed their own value, without sound . .
And this could be a to make a more inclusive society.
And perhaps people understand that you don't have to be an SMS to learn AIMS . You don't have to hear to learn music.
The NSA is a rich, and I would like to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your ears, to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language.
And you never know, you can get sick out of us.
Thank you.
Dean Kabley: Hey, that's me.
As a kid, my parents said,``You can show it all, but then you have to clean it . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a business bubble or a ignorance bubble, I have to say, because adults lie us to protect the real truth.
When I'm going to get adults, I understand that adults also survey and that they're not really good to clean others.
The time, I'm now adults, and I teach citizenship and invention in Harvard Kong School.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students when you walk through the beach, you're going to walk up with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it's, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but there's more than 80 percent of the oceans.
It's something remarkable.
And in the last decades, we've been going on with these great jobs and networks, to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify this information in a map.
But it lasts an eternity, and it's very expensive, and it's also very expensive to use those huge boats.
So with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we were trying to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a . .
And we started building this work of work with high autonomous, so that the kids very low, they can also participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools are feeling great and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collected the plastic, and we reduce it to the size that we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of their fragmentation . .
So we do.
I leave the imagination of my students.
My work is trying to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them in something we expect to work.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic pieces, we just collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- children are excited with robots.
Then we created quickly what we call``a prototype . ''
We are so fast in the creation of prototypes that we finished before lunch.
And we transform lamps and clinical cameras, and we installed it in a floating robot that will move slowly by water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the plastic bits floating slowly through the sensor while the computer computer process this image and measure the size of every particle, to get an estimate of the number of plastic in water . .
We documented this invention step in a website, called``Istanbarian ,"with the hope that someone's better.
The great thing in this project is that students saw a local problem, and I put, they're trying to solve it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very good children.
So you see the news, you take the Internet, and you take this picture.
A kid, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, just using the hands, in suburbia, the largest white forest in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised, because this is the water that drinks, it's the water that they dance, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can see that water is brown, the bar and oil are also color color, and when it gets mixed, it's very hard to see what's in water.
But there is a technology called special, which allows you to see what's in water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can store through all kinds of substances that produce different species, what can help identify what there is in water.
Let's take this prototype with a, and we sent it to Bangladesh . .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
[ I can investigate a problem to distance, I saw it forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe I'm going to tackle a harder problem, and also more close to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they would have a lot of giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities in the coast of Japan . .
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant from Fukushima, a nuclear core of the water.
And today, according to an average of 300 tons, they're still filtering from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, all the Pacific Ocean has transplanted by Milish.
If we go to the West coast, we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere.
But if we look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has safe, blue.
Well, reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've returned to Fukushima every year from the accident and research in independent ways with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take children.
Of course we don't take them, , parents didn't afford it.
But every night we report the center of control -- you see the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they're going to have it because they're going to have to live with the radiation all their life.
Along with them we discussed the data of the data that day and talk about what we were going to do later, the strategies, the distinction, etc.
And to do this, we created a reductive space map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elephant map, we introduced pigmentation to represent data in real time of gravity, and we rock water to simulate the rain.
With this, we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the Arab system, and demonstrated in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But in the basis of this we organize a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to the date.
We're going to go up to 1.5 miles from the nuclear center, and with the aid of fishermen in the area, we were collecting sediments of the sea milk with a set, as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression: we've been a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work in these different scales, also with open-source technologies, very simple.
But at the same time, it has been increasingly frustrating because we have only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a little small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we become the largest space by the social impact and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a, a, in physics, basically, you can build almost out there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can be able to be reality with adults aid, , and where adults can be over again.
Students: acceleration! acceleration!
Sir Harvard: We ask things like: Can we invent the future of the mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or, can we help in the mobility of the advanced age transforming their standard wheelchair in new electrical vehicles?
The plastic, oil and radiation are terrible legal, but the worst legacy that we can leave our kids are lie.
We can't allow them to protect the kids in the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, deaf, we should prepare the next generation to be concerned by the environment and people, and so it can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twins, two cultures of radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single thread of silk.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic . .
One means about the environment, the other thing creates.
One is designed by nature, the other one.
Miguel Angeles said that when he looked at the rainforest, I saw a, I saw a . .
The paintbrush was only Michael Hailer tool.
But the living beings are not quiet . .
They grow.
And in the most small units of life, cells, we take all the information on it for every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least in industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by the rocks of manufacturing and production in mass.
The mountains lines have documented a world made of parts, including the imagination of designers and architects in order to think of their objects as a different parts with different functions.
But you don't find a homosexual material in nature.
Think of the human skin, for instance . .
Our facial prisons are thin with dieters.
The skin balls are more thick with small pores . .
You act mainly as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, , yet, it's the same skin: there's no longer.
It's a system that would vary gradually their functionality by the variation variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my worldview in the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architecture to work currently between the paintbrush and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the machine and the organization, between Helino Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me . . . . . . . .
My work, in its most simple level, trying to join these two visions of the world, additional, and accelerating the growth.
You probably ask: Why now?
Why wasn't it possible this 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they connect four disciplines that offers designers access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools tools through scales, big scale, like this robotic arm with a $24 meters of diameter with a visual basis that some day not too far to print the entire buildings, and graphs to the fact of genetically modified microorganisms that shine in the dark.
Here we've reinvented the cell, an architect of the ancient Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where every land is unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a, and a skirt . This was for a fashion of fashion from Paris with Iran van . -- it's like a second skin made out of a single piece of a single piece, and it's sort of a single piece of the control.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we print this layer and faster 3D without the cells, and I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combine rigid materials in the resolution of 20 microbes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C scanner . .
That designers have access to this high resolution, and the synthetic instruments, allow us to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed a acoustic chair, a chair at the structural time, comfortable and also that sound absorbs.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, we come back to nature to inspire, and when we design this irregular surface pattern, it becomes subtracting.
Let's print this surface of 44 different properties, which would vary in rigid, optimism and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, , like nature, it would vary their functionality, not by the addiction of another material or other assembly, but it's going on continuously and deliberately the material property.
But is the ideal nature?
Aren't there parts in nature?
I didn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came to me, and it came to define a of what matters me.
As she says,``In the third day of the creation, God apple to the Earth to grow a freedom card tree . ''
For that first official tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruit . .
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees with branches, cortex, tools and flowers.
The land created a.
I often ask,``What would design if the objects would be made of a single piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creation? ''
So we look at the biblical material, the kind of material tree with fruit, and we found it.
The second most abundant beauty on the planet is called the touch, about 100 million tons to produce each year by organisms as shrimp, crab, schools and butterflies.
We think that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate molecular structures in a single piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal marijuana . We asked a, we asked a lot of shrimp of shrimp, and we put them and we moved on it.
Several chemical concentrations, we've been able to get a of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
In order to print the structures to great scale, it was built a system with multiple controlled exoplanets.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made out of one material three , 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, left to be able to find a natural shape to the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain physical microorganisms that appeared for the first time on the planet about 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators in Harvard and MIT, we put the bacteria designed genetically to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without problems to look at evil, and if it gets even more, in window . .
A fruit load of fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodiversity, in the sea, they will feed the marine life, and put on the ground, help to grow a tree.
The bus for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look at the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for intellectual trips.
To do that, we must dominate the bacteria and control their flow.
So, like the periodic table, we made our own example of elements: new ways of life created collectively, factories in the way, and analytical ways.
I like to think about synthetic biology, like the liquid analysis, only that instead of making precise metals, they synthesized new biological functionality in very small channels.
This field is called microphone.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combine two microorganisms.
The first is the change.
I live in our oceans and in the sweet water stations.
And the second, the collection, the bacterium that's going on in the human intestine.
You have a light to sugar, the other consumes is sugar, and it produces basic biofuels for the building environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature . .
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship on a piece.
Think about it as evolution, not natural selection, but evolution.
In order to get these relationships, we've created a single channel that goes to the digestive of the digestive, which will help that they flow these bacteria and to get their food function.
So we started doing those channels in the human body, adding the properties of the material of the material.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This particular digestive system, is going to be an extreme to another, another, it was 60 feet . .
This is half the length of a soccer field, and 10 times more than our destiny.
And here is, as a first at TED, our first powerful photograph, brilliant liquid channels with life inside the clothes.
Thank you.
Mary Sheel said, said,``We are crazy past creatures, only half is done . . ''
What if design is providing the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, to repair the tissue, and they would have our bodies?
Think of this as a way to edit biology . .
I call this material ecology.
For it, you always have to go back to nature . .
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
Nature doesn't do this.
It grows . You add with sophistication.
This called the worm of the worm, for example, creates an highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which it gets mixed . .
The manufacturing is not an alternative level of this level of sophistication.
It makes it by combination not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
One act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, using those fibers.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first is thinking in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to fly a complex cell.
tension and compression, the two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In the end of understanding better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm . .
However, when I put the silk worm in a flat park, not within a box, , we realized that he would fly a, and still retirement . .
So we start designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we have discovered that the shape, the composition, the structure of the ice, is directly transmitted by the environment.
You often have the silk worms to death inside your chapters, your silk goes down and used in the textile industry.
We saw that we're designing these planets, we can make a way to the raw silk without boiling a single chapter.
They were made out of simple, and we could create these things.
So we scale this process to the architectural scale.
We had a swollen robot making silk pills, and we put us in our site.
We knew that the silk worms migrated towards more dark and phrases, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or aliens, to block the rays of light and heat, destroying the silk worms about structure.
We were prepared to get the caterpillar.
We asked 65,000 worms of silk to a silk farm.
And after we feed four weeks, they were prepared to smell with us.
We put them carefully on the bottom edge of the scaffolding, and as they were swollen, they were thrown, they were going on, and they were going on, and they're going on, and the life starts again, like us, but a lot more, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right . .
So, the biological silk biology on the warm of the warm, you give all this balance.
And in a little more than two or three weeks , 65 miles of silk.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk.
Polices, after the equations, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra people in the future . .
So here's the two visions of the world.
A silk ring through a robotic arm, the other empty.
If the last frontier of design is to give us life to products and buildings that surrounded us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must join these two visions in the world.
What leads us, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new age of design, a new age of creation, which takes us from a inspired design in nature to a natural nature in the design, which demands from us, , for the first time, to make us charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you . .
Raise your hand if you ever ask you,``What do you want to be? ''
If you had to remember what age had when they asked them for the first time this?
You can show you with fingers.
Three . Five, three . . Five . Five.
Now take your hand if the question,``What do you want to be? ''
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety . .
I'm someone who could never respond to the question,``What do you want to be? ''
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, mothers and art and developing websites, besides, played the guitar in a pandemic band called Telescope Freecent Telescope.
Maybe you have heard of us . .
And in general, I like to try and persist anyway, so I've spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with the time this sense of boredom, this feeling of, this is no a challenge, it is going to send me . .
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in another thing, something completely different, , and I'm scared on it, and I'm going to go back and feel``Yes! I I found the mine ,"and then again this point where I start going, and then again.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I would like to get on that . .
This pattern was a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how to turn this in a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all my other passions, and I'm going to go back.
Another reason I was so passionate was a little more personal.
I was worried that there would be something wrong in this, and something bad in me not define for anything.
I was worried to have commitment to commitment, or it's going to be fired, or to self-assemble or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask me to ask you something I would like to ask you.
Ask themselves, , where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it: they learned it from culture.
He asked us first,``What do you want to be more? ''
When we have about five years.
And the truth is that no one cares what you answer to that age.
It's considered an engineering question to bring cute answers in children like,``It will be a store ,"or``being dancer ,"or``I want to be pirated . ''
You're going to look at the Helen Parade here.
This question is done over and again as we grow out of different shapes, , eye, to school students, ask them to pick in college . .
And at some point,``What do you want to be more? ''
It's going to be the cute exercise to be the cute exercise.
Why?
So if this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, not inspire to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when somebody asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though you've got a lot of different things, and you can say,``Oh, what cute, but you can't be risky of violence and psychologists.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Chile, and he's artistic of violence and psychotherapy.
And this Amy Naive, productive magazine was involved, business, professor and creative director.
But most children don't hear about people like this . .
All you hear is that they'll have to choose.
But it's more than that . .
The notion of life focused is very ideal in our culture . .
It's this idea of the destination or the real vaccine, the idea that each of us has something that's going to stop during their time in this land, , and you have to figure out what that thing is, and it's going to figure out what that thing is.
But if you're someone who aren't connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that leave their curiosity and many different things that want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that framework.
And you can feel just.
You can feel it doesn't have a goal.
And feeling that there's something bad with one.
There's nothing bad in you . .
You . It's a.
A multiverse is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a pathology to say.
It could help if it divided in three parts: multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a scholar ,.
During the age of the Renaissance, the ideal was who I was right at multiple disciplines.
Barbara Sirs refers to us like``scanners . ''
They use any term that you like or invent you.
It seems like a kind of adapting to a community, we can't agree with a single identity.
It's easy to see the multiverse as a limitation or an epiphany that you must come out.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas in my website, is that there are huge strengths to be like this.
Here are three molecular superpowers here.
One: the synthesis of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection.
Shah Hung and Rachel King showed their interests shared in cartilage, data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, at Mexico.
Show is a is a company that creates previous inspiration.
A Sai and Rachel came up with this unique idea by its core mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
From there to produce new ideas.
And the tiles, with all their ancestors, can access to a great amount of these points of intersection.
The second multiple superpower is the fast learning.
When we multiply we interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything that we can have in our hands.
We are testing to be principles, because of having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and out of our comfort zones.
Many skills are transparent to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we're going to look at, so we rarely start zero.
Norman Jones is a full-time trip and independent writing.
As a girl, it's an amazing ability to develop the muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanism.
Before I became writing, Noam was financial planning.
I had to learn the most finite sales, when he started their practice, , and this ability helps him write the people in the editors.
Now, rarely, it's a loss of time to go to what you go through, even if at the end of the flag.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a totally different field, in a way that you couldn't have foreseen.
The third molecular superpower is adaptability . I mean, the ability to transform in anything that's needed in a given situation.
Abu Charlie is a little bit of videos, other, design pages designer, sometimes consumer, sometimes superine, sometimes teacher, and sometimes, apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it makes a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles, depending on the needs of their clients.
The magazine phase Company defines adoption as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that they are the individuals and organizations that can fight to satisfy the needs of market, which will really thrive.
synthesis of ideas, quick learning and adaptability: three skills where politicians are very skilled, and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a big interest to start to the tiles to the tiles to be themselves . .
We have complex problems, mobility right now, and we need creative creative thinkers to make them in front of them.
Let's say they're, in your heart, special.
They came out of the wind knowing because they wanted to be principles.
Don't worry, there's nothing bad in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams come from a specialist and a mobile specialist.
Now, the specialist can dive in depth and put in an idea of ideas, and the multiverse offers a knowledge of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that will handle with how we're connected.
And unfortunately, the tiles in a big part of them are being fed to you just more like their specialized partners.
I once said this, if there's one thing that you get from this talk, I I hope it's this: recovery with the internal cable, whatever.
If you're a heart specialist, then, especially for all the media.
That's where you will give the best of it.
But for the platforms in the room, including those who just realize being one of them in the last 12 minutes, I say,``Reconstrate with your many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those rabbits.
They explore the intersections.
Open our internal cable leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And maybe the most important thing, molecular, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In the year 1900, a woman called Australia led to a psychiatric in France.
Somebody else would say, and I couldn't remember even the most basic details of their life.
His doctor is called Allands . .
I didn't know how to help somebody else, but I was talking about it until, unfortunately, it was in 1900 . .
After his death, Alah did a freeway and they found strange and flowers in the brain of Australia, of a guy who never ever seen.
The most amazing thing.
If I had been alive today, we couldn't give her to her more help that he gave him 14 years ago.
So it was Dr. Alex Alzheimer.
And I hear the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer disease.
Since 1900 medicine has advanced a lot.
You've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect from infections, many treatments for cancer, antibiotics for HIV, statistics for cards and much more.
But soon has been made in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a science team that works to find a cure for Alzheimer's forest for over a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
The Alzheimer now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you're hoping to live until age 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer Alexander will be almost one of every two.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their years with Alzheimer or helping to take a friend or being dear with Alzheimer.
Just in America, the caregiver of Alzheimer costs 200,000 billion every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spending in Alzheimer disease.
Now, it's the most expensive disease, and their cost provides a five times in the year 2050, as he prevents the generation of the baby.
It may be surprised, but Alzheimer's one of the most medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's made relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the 10 first causes of death around the world, Alzheimer is the only one that ca can't prevent, cure or even failing their development.
We understand less from Alzheimer than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The United States government spends 10 times a year in the research of cancer in Alzheimer's research in Alzheimer despite the fact that it costs us in Alzheimer and cause a similar annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: lack of consciousness.
Because this is what times people know, but everybody should be: Alzheimer is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 14 years, all, the scientists, Alzheimer Alzheimer with aging.
We think that it's going to be solemn in a normal, inevitable part of aging.
But there's only to look at a picture of a healthy aging brain in comparison with a patient in Alzheimer's patient to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to develop a loss loss of memory and mental skills, the damage in the brain caused by Alzheimer's cause significantly, and it's always deadly.
You remember, Dr. Alzheimer found plates and strange values in the brain of argument a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
We know that they're made of molecules.
You can think a piece of protein as a piece of paper that folds as a origami.
There are places in the paper that are sticky . .
And when it comes well, these sticky dots end up in the interior . .
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
Now, this makes the protein molecules to be pasted between themselves, forming groups that can form great plates and flowers.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are many steps, and the identification of what step blocking is complex, as a bomb.
I cut a cable could do anything.
Now, cutting others can make the bomb exploit . .
You have to find the right step that blocks, and then create a drug that does it.
Until a little bit, in his most part of the wires and expected the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've been able to identify a critical step in the process . Now it's tested a new kind of drugs that blocks specifically this step to stop disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened to prove these drugs in worms.
These are healthy worms, and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that are paid in each other inside them, as humans with Alzheimer.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But when we give our new drugs to these worms in a early stage, then we see they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but the research like this shows that Alzheimer's Alzheimer is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 14 years of waiting, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to get the Alzheimer, we need aid.
It's not scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to figure out that Alzheimer's disease is a disease, and if we tried it, . . .
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have launched more research and exercise pressure in governments, pharmaceutical industries, scientists and legislators.
That was essential to move on the HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to get cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients can often be talking for themselves.
And their families, hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones, and night, they're often too much devastating to go out and embrace by change . .
So, really depends on you.
The Alzheimer is not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
You help speaking for them, and help you to explain a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times column in the New York Times . .
To get rid of someone, you do this.
The article is a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience to prove myself a night of the past summer.
So the procedure is quite simple: two strangers, you have to get 36 questions more and more personal questions and then you look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12: If you could wake tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cry to another person?
And just?
In average, these are increasingly more personal.
Number 30: -- this really like -- Tell your partner what you add from him or she, and it's very honest at this time, and I gave things that you don't say to someone that you have known . ''
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, I was also intrigued . .
And when I had the occasion to prove this study, someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love.
Now, we were in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the World Love column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's just August, so I guess some of you probably ask: Do you follow together?
And the reason I think is this is because I've made this question over and over the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk today.
But we go back to the subject.
A week before it was published the article was very nervous.
I had been working in a book over the last few years, so, I had been trying to write about my experience in the romantic love in my blog . .
But a blog entry can get to a few hundreds of views like a lot, and those were usually just my friends in Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times would get a few thousands of them.
And that covered a of a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article stood on a Friday at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday, I had already called the Tomorro Show and the American Monetary Google.
In a month, the article got over eight million visits, , I, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to figure out the trust writing with the nest experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news and people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people called or writing, what they did every day for weeks, always, they did first the same question: Even follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I I made a quick quest in the mailbox of my email,``Even follow together? ''
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were of students and journalists and strange, like this . .
I was interested in radio and asked it.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed to the stage,``Hey Mandela who's your boyfriend? ''
And I immediately put it red . .
I understand that this is part of the treatment.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect that people feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the aging of the answer . .
The 36 questions seemed to have been alive life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complicated article for San Valley, which included the experiences of readers to test the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very risky with my own relationship.
I said not to every petition that we were doing a public appearance together.
I got television interviews, and steps the photos of the photos of us two . .
I think I had a fear of being able to turn it in the immediate events of the training process, a, and I I didn't sit at the absolute qualified.
And I understand that people didn't want to know if the study worked, , they wanted to know if it really works: or it was, if it was, if it was able to produce a love love, not only an adventure, , but real love, terrible love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially, that people would put the wrong question.
How do we know if we're going to go together or not, and let me tell you?
If the answer was not, the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Brown wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the researchers of the researchers wasn't producing romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for to start an international parking between college students, using what I was called, and I called the solar personal openness, programming and reciprocal.
It sounds romantic .?
But the study did work . .
The participants felt more close to us after doing it, several posters were used to be used by the protocol Friedian Friedian protocol as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between the members of the police and the community, and they've used it between people of political ideas.
The original version of the story, which proved the past summer, which combine personal questions with four visual contact minutes, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small liberal arts university, , and then a student approached to me and said to me, and he said to me,``I tested the studio and didn't work.
He looked at it.
And I: Do you want to say that you would love the person with who you did?
Well he did a pause.
I think she just wants to be friends.
And I: But they became better friends?
Do you feel that you would have to know better after testing the study?
The asthma.
So, it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love . . ''
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was pushing a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, what I knew mainly all my adult life, and he was my first love love, and I had no idea how or if it could live without him.
So I moved in science.
I investigated everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could be a certain way to make the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I I've only invested for the book I wrote but, in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad, and it used to me then.
And all this knowledge has been useful from one or another.
I'm more patient . I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to figure out what I look for.
But I also can see more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than you can tell me.
What's looking for love is a guarantee, not just being loved today and to be loved tomorrow, but that it will continue to be loved by the person that I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we still together.
The story that media told about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way to mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because we will find us feeling wonderful, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we are very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that says: Do you still follow together?
And his content with an answer of yes or not . .
So, more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like: How do you decide to deserve your love and who right?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated?, how do you know when you're going to cut and distance?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with your partner?
I don't know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the brief version of my relationship, it's this -- a year ago, a, and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love, even followed together, and I'm very happy.
But let's find out it's not the same thing to stay in love.
Let's end up is the easy part.
So at the end of my article, I wrote: Love didn't happen . .
Let's start in love because we take the choice to be.
And I mixed a little bit when I read it now, not because I'm not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that's supposed.
Don't consider how many we would have both to take that decision, and how many times I have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and responded 36 questions, I have chosen to love someone so generous, it's love and fun, and I have expressed that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship in the kind of myth that I don't think.
And what I'm looking for, and what I may spend my life looking for is that that myth is true . .
I want the happy thing in the title of my article, which is, to purpose, the only part of the article that I didn't actually write . .
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose to love someone, and the hope that he also loves me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a little bit of a mountain, and in a way I got a huge of the forest.
New New York City a time ago, something that I really affect me, but more details ahead.
I start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a ticket of a dollar, a and a fork on it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some bizarre humans would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our kind of exchange ideas, for example how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's got grace because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
In a moment, I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuses and make it surfing and all those weird things -- and I was doing a to my mother . . .
And I took a, and I ran all the pages, and I made a kind of civility cells to the Al Martin style, the car covered and a bee was caught.
Well, my mother has fear to bees, and it's addiction to them, , so I add more resistant in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, it happened the opposite: In some way it seemed to take out of size, as if you look at the text with a light.
So I did? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate and tell stories about these objects.
So I went to draw around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow pregnant, draw the same way around a falling on the crime scene.
And I took the objects and I created my own scared language.
First, botanical -- that you can make an idea.
Then I did some insects and weird creatures.
It was very fun to draw on the wheelchair.
And it was great, because I started to get exhibitions and those things, I was gaining some money, to take my girlfriend to dinner, for instance, going to Sile.
It was great, man.
At some point, interested in the human form, a natural size of natural size with human beings in the layers.
It was great, except by one thing: I moved.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me . .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that they formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my cultural work with something very big, I called``tropics . ''
For the traffic, I'm inspired in a big measure in``The Garden of Declings"from Highways Boso, which is a painting in the Prospect Museum in Spain.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic frame.
They say it's a little bit of their time.
Well, the``traffic ."I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11 pounds.
Five feet long . .
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and plants.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animals travel between two worlds.
They go in the world of the representation, to this wireless mesh infrared, where they hide.
So here is where creatures with animals are going to go to the face, ready to be a mass to be in the ocean.
The ocean is composed from thousands of elements . .
This is a little girl attached to a heart . .
Billy Graham is in the sea; the Houston -- the Portal Park platform, the report of Osama Bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, it's a kind of woman.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I chose oil in a, while the other hand comes out of the clouds.
Their hands are like bullets, and it looks like a mythology that keeps the Earth and the forest in equilibrium.
So it's an``tropics . ''
It's a little bit a narrative.
That's the hand that I hide.
And then, when you go to the other side, you have a trick, like a, a, and I find clouds of this suit.
It also has a $5 meter of a a, a . . . . .
Anyway, your tail is going to go through a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ended up in a kind of cell, made of terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They did in the 1980s, as if they were a baseball card.
You know, it takes me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: One is called``photographers . . ''
It's a six years to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material, and they are exchange, dictionaries.
But each acts as a kind of file in ways of being human, and travel in 20, four or 12 at once.
They're like cells, they go together, they divide.
And you can walk between them . It's taking years.
Each one is basically a microscope approach that weighs 1.3 pounds with a human trapped in its interior.
This has a small cave in the chest.
That's the head; it's the chest, you can get the entrance.
I'm going to take you for the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that's coming out of the chest, and it's covering the penis or no not, or what it is, a kind of an orange thing.
It's a quick record of these work because I ca not explain for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body in half.
This has two heads, and it's communicate between the two.
There are a few pills that go out and enter in the head of this strange statue.
There's a little cool scene inside the theoretical cavity.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live.
We're in a, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . called Piece Word.
Inside this box there is a physicist, a, a, a, a, a, a of radio, a museum, a school, a school, a school arm that defines all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We have the box and all the people in the face of each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world . .
When you have a redesign who is and the box is living.
And together we have to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, of the borders, of religion, it doesn't work.
We are all very facts in the same matter and the same box . .
And if we don't start to exchange those things with lust and genetically, we're going to die very soon.
Thank you very much . .
What do you do when you put your head?
Take a aspiration.
But so this pill have effect against the pain, first step on the stomach, the incidents and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective system, and it's an iron, so that any current medication effect in the body.
The disadvantage, though, it is to try to try any medication.
And this is a big problem, , especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, you're going to decrease the number of viruses in blood, and increase the resource of the CEO . .
But they're also known by their adverse side effects, , in their most negative, because in the time they're going to get to the blood currents, it's diluted, and worse even for the time they're going to get to their destination, that is more important: in the HIV/AIDS.
These are regions of the body as the linguistic lymph, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is wireless, and it doesn't be easily in the blood stream of patients that are taken to regular therapy drugs.
However, after the interaction of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the drugs, which is a treatment of a living condition.
And one day, I sat and I thought,``Could we make the treatment directly to the Department of the virus, without the risk of drugs? ''
As a scientific experience, the answer was ahead of me: the leaders, of course.
If you're used in dentistry, for the care of wounds and surgery of diabetes, you can use for any impossible thing, including the intellectual transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or lose extremely small holes, and they open up and close almost the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
And they ask,``How is that possible? ''
We sent a little bit of a little bit of the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are immense in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser attracted the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microbes.
Before you even realize, the hole is immediately represented.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Pittsburgh, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is: through a kind of a three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an installation in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, it goes to the site of infection . .
Finally, the third head, an inventor that distributed the drug, it frees directly in the site of infection, while the laser is use again to keep the open cells . .
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of the HIV.
Yeah . A of HIV . .
This is the dream of all the HIV researchers -- in our case, a treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I I've been studied to armed groups: armed organizations, armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or microbes.
It documents what these groups do when they're not shooting . .
My goal is to understand better these agents of violence and study ways of encouraging the transition of violent participation to the nonviolent conflict.
I do work, in the world of politics and the library.
To understand these groups is key to solve almost all conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a dispute between states.
No.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 2016, the 2110 peace agreed between 1975 and 2011 , 1969 was signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we have to understand these groups; we even have to engage them or to fix them in any successful conflict process.
But how do we do it?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons that they fight, how they do it, but no one does what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and non-lethal policies are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not a lot less to defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For instance, the Chinese Lebon, known by their violent face against Israel . .
From their creation in the 1980s, Hexigoan has also established a, a, a, social services and a military device.
In the same way, the Palestinian Past, known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also addicted the Gaza France since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multitasking . .
They establish a complex machine of communication: radio stations, TV channels, the websites of the Internet and strategies in social networks.
And here's the IKEA magazine, printed in English and published to recruit.
armed groups also invest in a complex recovery of funds without sacressions, but through profitable business, for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups increases their strength, including their funds, to recruit better and building their brand.
armed groups also do something else: they create more strong things with their population investing in social services.
You build schools, you get hospitals, you put in a march program of professional formation or mission . .
Health offers all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population to offer something that the state is not going on: security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan dead in the war or even the beginning of the Institute of PISA, it can be able to understand the efforts of these groups to provide security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population . .
But in general, providing social services means to fill a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and it allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For instance, the electronic victory of 2006 of the Palestinian Haiti can't understand without collecting the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we analyzed the armed groups, we just think on the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrids.
They grow up because they fill the government left by government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups, participate in violent struggle and governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated are these organizations, less we can kill them as a state of a state.
How do we call a group like Hexongen?
They dominated part of a territory, all their functions, pick up the trash, they admire the scale system.
Is it a state? It's a rebel group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what's IKEA??
The lines go down.
We live in a world of states, of nations without state and hybrids, and the more weak are the states, like the Middle East, more interested and fill that gap, not government.
This is important for governments, because to control these groups, they will have to invest more in not military tools.
And I'll take that government vacuum has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and connect peace.
If we understand better groups to armed groups, we understand better how incentives to offer the transition of violence to violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, the military power can win some battle, but it will not give us peace or stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum, to fill that government vacuum that allowed these groups to thrive in a . . . .
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are self-every, but I fear that to accept the label of``feminist"would be unfair for the feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And so I hit a bad feminist.
Or, at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The bad feminist ,"and then in the interviews, people started calling the Malaria feminist.
So, what started as a personal joke devoted to myself and a deliberate, has become something bigger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and 20 years old, I had strange ideas about mammals, these furry women, angry with men and they hate sex, as if that was bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, it seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that was using the people to inspire that could be feminist.
It's going to be labeled as a feminist was an accident, a table, unpleasant word.
They took me like a, which doesn't follow the rules, who ask too much, , with high self-esteem, and it dare to believe that it's equal or higher to a . . .
No one wants to be that rebel woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing, I started to accept that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud of being it.
For me, certain claims are irrelevant: women are equal to men.
Let's look at the same work for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we do, free, or violence.
We have right to use very easily and accessible contraception and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without any need of religious controls or electricity doctors.
We have the right right.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression, religion and sexuality, social conditions, skills and much more.
We have to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
However, our feminist is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear: I are a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive to the work, I hear a role of pain to all volume.
Even though the letter degrade to women, and I offer it deeply, the classic``jump Savi"in the Indian Canyon Times is incredible.
\" Make reality with your bed t-shirt.
So, I'm going to go down until you hurt your head! ''
Think about it . .
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely driven by my musical worms.
I think I firmly think about the man's work, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all the domestic tasks, also kill insects, the record of garbage, the care of the lawns, the care of the cool.
I don't want to have anything to do with that . . .
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy the fashion magazines and the beautiful things.
I can see``The Bachine ,"and the romantic comedy, and I have a lot of associated, and I've got a lot of kind of a matter of the hackers that are done.
Some of my offenders are more desperate . .
If a woman wants to embrace the adoption of your husband, your choice, and I I'm not who to judge . .
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise their children, the choice, also.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confined in ways that makes women are economically vulnerable when they choose . .
We solve this problem.
I read the conventional feminist that has ignored or shown historically the needs of color women, workers, the teams and trans, ,, ,, ,, ,, ,, ,, and high class.
Listen, if that's good feminist I'm a very bad feminist.
It also happens: as a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this trend of putting familiar feminist in a pedestal.
We hope that you're going to look at the perfect . .
When they're disappointed, we will cut them with much like the same period where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster; I've already considered that period before you try to put there . .
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, have fear of being labeled as feminist.
They have fear of foot and say,``Yes, I'm feminist ,"for fear to what that tag means, for fear to not be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
Take Beijing, or as I call it, the God.
Over the last few years, it's a . .
In the video America , 2011, in MIT, act from the word``feminist"of three feet tall . .
It was a magnificent show, to see this star of the body opening openly the feminist and making women and men who will be feminist is something to be proud.
So, the time, the cultural critics started an endless debate if Benki was or not necessarily feminist.
They caused their feminist, instead of just creating the word of an adult woman and mature.
Let's take perfect protection of mammals, because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much.
We go much beyond the creative and constructive critic, to design the feminist of any woman, destroying it until it's nothing.
We don't need to do that . .
The bad feminist, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point.
But what happens then?
We were going to recognize our experiences to give care, go to action and to be a little more brave.
If I hear degrading music, I I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide a . .
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we test the change to affect the change to affect their profits.
It's hard.
Why do you have your music to be so peace?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worst choice.
But when bad decisions are justify that makes it more difficult for women to get equality, the equality that we all deserve, and it's our responsibility.
I think of my nieces, three and four years . .
It's two magnificent girls, deciding and brilliant, and also very brave . I want to grow in a world.
Where you're appreciated by the strong creatures that are.
I think of them, , suddenly, the best option is visible as something much easier to do.
We can all take better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program brings to sexual violence against women as sports, the game of Treatics.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing . .
We can spend our money to go the cinema in another part when films don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where the athletes treat their teammates as a boom.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until you don't even include a number of women, so much to participate how to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are survived, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decisions.
Because we're not a few people . Without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can commit these little acts acts and hope that our decisions get to the top, people in the direct power and food and music, CEO, cells, the people that can take great decisions, more brave, to create a lasting and significant change . .
We can also claim with our feminist, well, bad, or any hell.
The last line of my book``Malaria feminist"says,``It would be a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially, because I love my voice was stolen, and the feminist helped me to rebuild it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to make what happened.
A few guys made me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a.
I was treated as if it was nothing . .
I started to believe that was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after I didn't dare to think I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to write.
I'm going to look at a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and of women who seemed to me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the skin skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through the writing and the feminist, I also discovered that if it was a little brave, another woman could hear and see, and realize that none of us is the world that the world tries to tell us we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything . .
And in the other hand, the humble reality that I'm just a woman . .
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a, I I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, regardless everything that makes me human.
I hope we can do the same thing.
I hope we could all be a little brave, when you need to get it out of it.
Just after Christmas last year , 12,000 children in California had measles to have designed Disney or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then attracted the border with Canada, affecting over 100 children in President.
One of the tragic things of this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this from a few century ago, but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents had fear of something supposedly, even worse: autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that triggers the politics about autism and developed vaccines, decreased and market for being a developed by the British Medical Medicine?
Don't I think most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity??
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents all over the world still follow that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in the time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician that I had heard to talk about it creating the whole professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, the evidence estimates followed stable just three or four children for every 10,000 . .
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to shoot . .
They were funding organizations as an autism Spines, as an autistic Australia, the autism of an epidemic, as a epidemic, as if it could get to another child in Disneyland . .
What's going on?
If it's not the vaccines, what is??
If you ask people from the Internet Control Center of Attates, what's going on, they tend to be based in phrases as``single diagnostic criteria ,"and``a better performance of cases ,"to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language didn't spend a to a young mother who looked at the face of his two years, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so fast at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1970s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow and calculation progress that with the security power of the narrative.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how they discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second story of the autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinic literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a Kenya, Hospital John Hopkins, in 1945, Kaney published an article that describes 11 young patients that seemed to be private worlds, even people in their surroundings, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by adding their hands to their faces, but they were a piece of the panic for often as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their daily place without knowing them.
In the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kaniah special that autism is very rare.
For the 1950s, as a authority in the world, declared that I had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome while I collect reactions of places as human . . . . . . . .
This is actually not surprising, because the Kinston criteria for the diagnosis were very resistant.
For example, I'm going to give that diagnosis to children, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
Once he had been taken to nine of every 10 children sent by other doctors to their consumer for being autistic without giving them an autism of autism.
Kenya was a smart man, ,, but part of his theories weren't closed . .
It classified autism as a of childhood psychosis caused by cold parents.
These kids, he said, they've been careful in a refrigerator that doesn't download.
At the same time, though, Kenya noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that add in certain areas like music, math and memory . .
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he said,``Beethoven . ''
But Kanzi had a of these skills, holding things like children were just asking what they had heard their parents, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers started to test the theory of Kenya that autism was rare.
Larry Window, Congolonization photography in London, thought that the theory of the mothers of Kenya was quite stupid.
She and his wife John was warm, warm, and affected, and they had a profound autistic daughter called Susie.
Larry and John knew how hard it was to raise a, as usual services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Service Service that they needed more resources for the autistic children and their families, Luria and their colleague Judy Gould decided to do something that should have been 30 years before.
They did an autism of autism in the general population.
They met a London suburbs called Chamile to try to find autistic children in the community.
What they saw was clear that the Kansas model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colored and diverse.
Some kids couldn't talk about, while others were trained in their fascination by astrophysics, in dinosaurs or in the genius of the reality.
In another way, these kids didn't fit in a little bit, and scared, as Judy said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the dinosaur model of Kenya would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense to their data.
How no one hadn't been lost from these kids before??
But then London found a reference to an article published in German in 1949, the next year to the article of Kenya, and then I forget under the sequences of a time that no one wanted to remember . .
Kenya knew about this article of the competition, but he avoided to mention it in his own work.
There wasn't even a translation to English, but luckily, the Lord talked German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative history of autism . .
His author was a Hope, has an integrated clinic with an international school in Vienna in the 1970s.
The ideas of Asperger for the teaching of children were processed even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kinds of exercises with music, and children follow their games at the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Australia, it described as a political disability of a life that would require social forms of support and advanced spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and it was going to help in developing methods of education that were especially appropriate for them.
Finally, Separame saw autism as a diverse continent that was going to find a surprising variety of donors and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, watching aspects of this continent in architectures known in the cultural culture as the tower social scientist, and the distorted professor.
He was beyond to say, that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Larry and Judy found that Kanzi was wrong in that autism was really important, as the parents were the causal.
In the next years, they worked in silence with the U.S. Association of Pakistan to expand the distribution of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what called``autistic spectrum . ''
In the end of the '80s and principles in the '90s, their changes came on in vitro, holding the limited model of Kenya by a broad and even Asperger . .
These changes didn't fall in broken.
Interestingly, when London and Judy would work between the tasks to reform these criteria, people around the world, and people all see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before it came out,``Queen Man"in 1984, just a, ends up by experts, I knew what autism was, but after the wireless activist of Dustine Hollywood, as Rama Babbage and the recognition of``Queen Man"with four awards the Academy, psychiatrists, photographs and parents and parents in the world.
At the same time, they introduced the first kind of clinical evidence to use to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that small circle of experts to get a for his son.
The combination of``Queen Man"changes and the introduction of these tests created a network, a perfect storm of the awareness of autism.
The number of diagnostics started to take out, as I predicted London and Judy, in fact they would expect that it was, getting people with autism and their families finally get the support and the services that are deserve.
And so Andrew Walking came to blame vaccines for the rise in diagnostics, and a simple, powerful history, and a very bad story, as the theory of Kansas that autism was really important.
Now, if the current estimate of the center of a six children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the authors are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have gone in the Internet to reject the idea that the puzzles are to solve by the new medical advances, by the term``neuroscience"to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think in terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's rotate.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and it suffers from a deficit of attention to the details.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger, which thinks the``cure"for the most exciting aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, and parents in the potential of their children.
A autistic woman called Ph. Zamas said once, said,``We need all the hands in covered to understand the boat of humanity . ''
As we go back to a future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to make challenges that we face as a society.
We can't allow us to waste or a brain.
Thank you.
